Arbitration shall be governed by the Federal Arbitration Act and conducted in accordanc e with the Commercial Arbitration Rules of the American Arbitration Association. The validity, construction, and interpretation of this agreement to arbitrate, and all procedural aspects of the arbitration conducted pursuant hereto shall be decided by the arbitrators. In deciding the substance of the parties' Claims, the arbitrators shall refer to the Governing Law. It is agreed that the arbitrators shall have no authority to award treble, exemplary or punitive damages of any type under any circumstances whether or not such damages may be available under state or federal law, or under the Federal Arbitration Act, or under the Commercial Arbitration Rules of the American Arbitration Association, the parties here by waiving their right, if any, to recover any such damages. Within thirty days of the notice of initiation of the arbitration procedure , each party shall select one arbitrator. The two arbitrators shall select a third arbitrator. The third arbitrator shall be a person who has over eigh t years professional experience in over-the-counter derivative products and w ho has not previously been employed by either party and does not have a direct or indirect interest in either party or the subject matter of the arbitration. While the third arbitrator shall be neutral, the two party-appointed arbitrators are not required to be neutral, and it shall no t be grounds for removal of either of the two party-appointed arbitrators or for vacating the arbitrators' award that either of such arbitrators has past or present minimal relationships with the party that appointed such arbitrator. To the fullest extent permitted by law, any arbitration proceeding and the arbitrators award shall be maintained in confidence by the parties. Arbitration Language Tana I dropped by a couple of times today but your seat was empty, hence the ema il. Any claim, counterclaim, demand, cause of action, dispute, and controversy arising out of or relating to this Agreeme nt or the relationship established by this Agreement, any provision hereof, the alleged breach thereof, or in any way relating to the subject matter of thi s Agreement, involving the parties and/or their respective representatives collectively the 01 Claims 018 , even though some or all of such Claims a llegedly are extra-contractual in nature, whether such Claims sound in contract, tor t, or otherwise, at law or in equity, under state or federal law, whether provided by statute or the common law, for damages or any other relief, shall be resolved by binding arbitration. Arbitration shall be governed by the Federal Arbitration Act and conducted in accordanc e with the Commercial Arbitration Rules of the American Arbitration Association. The arbitration proceeding shall be conducted in New York, New York Houston, Texas. Within thirty days of the notice of initiation of the arbitration procedure , each party shall select one arbitrator. The two arbitrators shall select a third arbitrator. The third arbitrator shall be a person who has over eigh t years professional experience in over-the-counter derivative products and w ho has not previously been employed by either party and does not have a direct or indirect interest in either party or the subject matter of the arbitration. While the third arbitrator shall be neutral, the two party-appointed arbitrators are not required to be neutral, and it shall no t be grounds for removal of either of the two party-appointed arbitrators or for vacating the arbitrators' award that either of such arbitrators has past or present minimal relationships with the party that appointed such arbitrator. Marcus We are not ready to execute an agreement with them until we have had some discussions with them about their authority.