For banks incorporated in a non-approved jurisdiction, it may be possible for them to trade out of a branch located in an approved jurisdiction i. This would have to be determined on a case by case basis. Please let me know if there are any changes to this list. The cause of this celebration is the 10th anniversary of the Nat Gas futures contract. It would be nice if Shankman and John Arnold could attend. Perhaps you can give them a personal invitation. We have received the executed Amendment to the Subscription Agreement with WeatherTrade, Inc. This Amendment amends the Transaction Fee referenced in subparagraph c of the Fee Schedule to the Subscription Agreement. I will be out of the office on Monday and Tuesday of next week. In my absence, Samantha Boyd, a new paralegal in our Group, will forward the Counterparty Approval Lists to you once she receives them from Credit. Please return any responses you might have to me. Updating another blue file because Susan B. It appears you missed some cpys on the referenced list because Tom had the freeze panel button on, and you probably didn't see them at first. I didn't either until I clicked on the down button and they popped up. When you have a minute, I'll give me a call and I'll come around and show you how to unfreeze the panel. I spoke to Edmund to get the scoop on what we are going to be doing on the confirms for Credit Derivatives, and he said that his current understanding is that all of the confirms will be done out of London. He also said that London was going to be hiring 120 people to deal with the Credit Derivatives business. This amendment adds the British Columbia Securities Act representation to the master. I just got a call from Dave and Frank and they tell me I have a whole week this time to approve the whole counterparty list to trade Australian financial power. I'll need to talk to you about his Monday. Among other changes, the supplement adds hundreds of new gas, liquids and power price sources. We got a master financial agreement in place with Calpine Power Services Company so it has been opened up to trade all financial. For Trammo Gas, we got a letter from them a while back, reflecting under what names they can do financial trading under I sent you all an email about this about a month to two months ago. That letter had the counterparty styled "Transammonia, Inc. I believe I already siad they could trade financial under that name. Let's just be consistent about how we deal with these divisions. I coordinate responses for the whole Legal Trading Group financial, physical, power and emerging markets with the EnronOnline and Credit teams. I understand from my EnronOnline team that I am going to need to approve financial trading for all my Houston based counterparties a week from Friday. Right now that list stands at about 600 counterparties already trading. I was hoping you could direct me as to what restrictions, if any, we might have for financial trading in Australia. Are there any restricted counterparties, such as governmentals, utilities, banks, dealers, etc., or any restrictions on the products traded initially I know we are only trading financial power, although I'm sure the list will expand over time. Similarly, I assume there will be Australian counterparties signing up to trade, and the commercial team will want them approved to trade the whole range of EnronOnline products. Do we have any tax issues or language we need to cover? Are there any issues we need to address if we require collateral a guaranty or letter of credit with respect to a trade? I just spoke to Mark Taylor and he has requested that we be more specific about the nature of the project we are working on in our confidentiality agreements. On a going forward basis can you please provide that information along with the other info you give me. I will be out of the office Monday and Tuesday. Mark is working on getting it signed in my absence! They are due the end of July, so we should probably target them to be done a little earlier, since we always seem to need more time. Actually, bluebonnets bloom for a short time, maybe three week early in the Houston Spring, in March, after heavy Spring rains have gone on for a bit, and when the temperature is in the 60's to 70's. They would get fried and fade in the heat of a Houston summer. However, I don't know the temperatures and rain condition of your summers, and what time of your year would replicate those conditions.