I apologize for the short notice however, we received your name as the contact person yesterday. Please let me know if can help us with this request. If you have any questions or need additional information, please contact me at 3-1951. Thank you, Carrie Richardson Laurel, We have been unsuccessful in getting the contract numbers in order to pull the contracts for the deals in our deal test. We have talked with Bridgette Anderson and Anthony Campos in Global Contracts to obtain these numbers however, we have had some difficulty.  Please provide us with an executed agreement for this deal. If you have any questions, please feel free to call me at x31951. com This is done- the fax has been sent successfully. I send it with a caveat that this draft is 2 years old. The London lawyers were gone by the time I got your call, so I couldn't check to see if they have revised this, so by copy of this to Matt Dawson, I am asking him to confirm that there is no substantive change in the choice of law or arbitration language. At the request of Louise Kitchen, I am attaching our proposed form of Confidentiality Agreement. If you have any questions or comments concerning the agreement please do not hesitate to call me or Mark Taylor. Hi Tana, Dianne Sieb in our office told me to ask if you could send me an updated list of all the Executed Master Agreements. The list I have from the Financial Trading group isn't totally correct, and I need an up to date version. Thanks for your prompt attention to this. With respect to Commercial Risk Re-Insurance Company, a Bermuda company, although they are being sent thru to specifically open them for weather, Brent Hendry says I can't open them up until we review their Memorandum of Association like their articles of incorporation to confirm that nothing in them would prohibit this type of transaction. Can you contact whomever sent you the Password Application and ask them to fax their Memorandum of Association to us. At the request of Louise Kitchen, I am attaching our proposed form of Non-Disclosure Agreement. This Koch trade you sent me is a London based Credit counterparty, not a Houston counterparty so I have no information on it. You are going to have to resolve this with London Legal, Edmund Cooper who is an attorney in London. I think the weather description you are referring to was sent by an attorney in our group, Shari Stack. If that is the one you are talking about, it should be okay. I don't know the regulatory guys, but I'll try calling Steve Kean and see if I get a response. I spoke to Steve Kean's assistant, and told her your deadline to get all these descriptions done was the end of today. She said she would pass the word on and try and get you comments by the end of the day. Just wanted to check on how the financials are going. My goal is to get everything ready no later than the first week of June so I can problem solve before I have to file by June 11th. When the financials are ready I need to get them certified by the highest accounting officer. Last year that was Drew Lynch who signed as Vice President, Business Analysis and Reporting. I am getting ready to fax you Steve Kean's comments to the language. Steve Kean is marking this material as to regulatory information only. He told me he also passed these market descriptions to Karen Denney in Public Relations for her comments and she supposedly is going to send her comments to me for forwarding to you. I will let you know as soon as I receive your comments. Were you serious about our conversation Friday, or were you kidding me? If you were serious I'd like to talk to you about it. After our meeting last week I spoke to Mary about getting a list of the products trading restrictions in our financial master and I haven't received it. With Mary out I don't know who to contact to get it, can you help me with this? Also, would it be possible to get a list of the global contract numbers for our financial masters? With respect to the list for 5/8/00, Imperial Oil Resources and Pengrowth Corporation were on the initial approval lists. We have a duplicate Global Counterparty open for Imperial. Taffy, you were going to check on how much vacation days I have left.