So, I'll work with Mark to come up with the form and then pass it on to you and the London legal team for approval. At some point when I have more of a break I'll call you. Mark Elliott just introduced me to another charming aspect of English culture, the Morris Men. Dancing around in strange costumes, beating each other with switches. It's funny, each one of you imparts different aspects of English culture to me. I think we would have to talk to Utilicorp. I wouldn't be surprised that they had some policy or laws that won't allow them to guaranty the obligations of other companies. are odd birds, there are a lot of Chinese walls in effect with them, I've dealt with similar issues on other utilities. If you need us to talk to them get me the name and phone number of a contact and we'll give them a call. I'm working with Mark on approval of our counterparty lists for online trading. Mark asked me to contact you about the approach we should take with respect to financial trading with Singapore counterparties. Should Singapore be approved for all types of trading with all types of counterparties? Are there are special counterparties we shouldn't approve for trading outside the governmentals, such as the utilites? Are there any products that might not be approved for trading out of Singapore, such as weather, or any others? Are there any special types of reps we might need to include in our agreements? Any guidance you could give us with this would be most appreciated! We hope to see pictures on your next trip over! Preferably a suite with a wet bar, sunken tub, view over the pool, and complimentary room service. I do believe I am quite shocked at your allegations of me being the troublemaker. My review hasn't gone in yet and I guess I am going to have to mention. Per Mark's conversation, you were going to get back to us on the scoop on France and utility counterparties. What do you want to do with masters where we have a note that we got the master in, but we have a bad certificate, and no trading should be done until we get a new certificate? I hear from Taffy you cut quite the figure in your cowboy duds, right down to having the right style of Wrangler jeans. The grapevine says you also did some mighty fine two steppin. The bright lights of London must look dim after the shining lights of Houston. We probably won't see you for a few years, but I really enjoyed our dinners and chats. The mad cow disease must have extended to England's venerable sheep, thus causing a lack of worsted wool, hence, no new trousers which, I'm sure, is the only reason we haven't gotten a fashion bulletin from you in quite some time. The men's fashion news here in the United States says that the current fashion in ladies pedal pushers or knee length trousers has now extended to the gents and is becoming quite the rage. Fashion trends are quite slow in reaching the outbacks here in Texas, but I can see fashionable young swains in London and New York showing off their knees and ankles. We miss our Tim from Texas stay in touch! Obviously, everyone reports to Phillipe Bibi in the end. She looked up Gary Bode, who Michael Neves, our Lotus Notes contact, reports to, and Gary is a Manager, but she didn't see his direct boss on the chart. She suggested for the Fishkin Project that we try and use Inja Chun, a woman she says is very good, or Chris Behney. She said we could have her, but she would be very expensive! Perhaps we should set up a meeting to talk to Phillipe Bibi about the Fishkin project, so we make sure we get a good person assigned to us. I am still trying to get the countries of incorp. Tom Moran is out today so I have to get them from Tracy Ngo. I have noticed that humility is one of your most pronounced character traits! Am glad you responded and look forward to seeing you. Please let me know if it meets with your approval. As you recall, we are acting as agent on behalf of Morgan in connection with their commodity business. Since it wasn't an assignment, what should I provide them? I don't know that I can provide them a copy of our Servicing Agreement. So each and everytime we do a trade with them we are going to have to get a resolution authorizing entering into the trade.