I had to zip it up because it was too big to deliver. I'll set you up with an userid and password so you can pick these up off our interface server once it is scheduled in production. v-day party I think everything is working for the Valentine's Day party. Julie backed out on the activity, but Robin Burks and Lorraine Lewis are going to oversee it. The craft needs to be picked up and paid for on Thursday morning after carpool in the cafeteria. Both Robin and Lorraine are working and I will be in Chicago on business. We will be meeting on Wednesday, Feb. Transition Issues I would like to include Rod Hayslett as well. I was wondering if we could now meet for a couple of hours to discuss the transition issues. I will be in Houston on Wednesday, February 7th. Please let me know as soon as possible so we can book a room. Transition Issues I would rather we wait until the funtional income statements are complete. I need to review with Rod and we will have some minor adjustments to make. I will set up a meeting when we are ready. It will probably be towards the end of next week. It was somewhat overwhelming and I could easily see how it could absorb one or more full time equivalent. I think there is still a great deal that is undefined right now regarding the amount of effort required to keep that model updated. Who will take the lead on updating the earnings model for actual? Is this more of an Accounting responsilbility than Planning ? From talking to Steve Kleb its pretty clear that a significant amount of work is involved in getting actual accounting entries at an account level and splitting it into separate business events. Depreciation - Will Property Accounting take the lead in all aspects of the depreciation. My impression is that this would be a change from historical responsibilities. I am hoping we can start defining deadlines and deliverables for our respective groups. Discretionary Holiday I would like to take Wednesday, February 14th as my Discretionary Holiday. This will allow me to schedule several appointments doctors, dentist, etc. and get them done all in one day. If this creates a problem, please let me know. Jan I would like to include Rod Hayslett as well. I was wondering if we could now meet for a couple of hours to discuss the transition issues. I will be in Houston on Wednesday, February 7th. Please let me know as soon as possible so we can book a room. Transition Issues I would rather we wait until the funtional income statements are complete.