The negative momentum of these stocks tends to gather speed from the first week of November to Christmas. In this period, from 1997 through last year, the Losers Portfolio dropped an average of 20 more than did the Russell 3000 index. The resulting list, which Lehman billed to its institutional clients as a menu for hungry short-sellers, features numerous stocks caught in the major downside themes of the year. Name a major telecom-services provider and the odds are good it's in this bunch, the result of a stampede away from the group. An intrepid prospector surveying this list in a quest for next year's Comeback Stock of the Year will encounter no shortage of companies that appear, for the moment, broken and in need of an inspired strategic revamping, some slick investor-relations work and plenty of luck. Former blue chips such as Lucent Technologies, Bausch Lomb and Dial seem to fall into that club, where for investors a love of dirt-cheap stocks and a strong backbone is the price of admission. DuPont, which recently ratcheted down its 2001 growth forecast and is beset by high raw-materials costs, is arguably apt to remain in the investors' time-out chair for a while as well. That its shares failed to sell off after a limp earnings report last week is perhaps the most hopeful sign one can seize on with regard to the chemicals giant. Still, for the investor patient enough to endure what could be a stormy November and December, a few sizable companies with temporary problems but solid long-term growth stories are attracting some fund managers looking to buy. As detailed in Barron's last week "Retailers on Sale," October 23 , there is reason to expect better performance from selected retail chains. Federated Department Stores, the parent of Macy's and Bloomingdale's, merits attention both for its buoyant same-store sales growth in a retail headwind and for its repair of the addled Fingerhut catalogue division, which suffered a spike in delinquencies. The shares are off their trough levels in the low 20s, but a recent quote of 28 still seems a better-than-fair price for a company that some pros believe could earn more than 5 a share next year. The advertising business this year is being given the cold shoulder by investors after a torrid love affair through 1999. But Interpublic now trades at a discounted valuation, and is briskly expanding its direct-marketing and public-relations business, which are growing faster than the traditional Madison Avenue game. In a more prosaic corner of the ad business sits Valassis Communications, a big coupon distributor, which produces the colorful inserts that fall out of your Sunday paper. A well-loved growth stock that pleased many a small and mid-cap fund manager in 1999, Valassis this year ran into a nettlesome combination of higher paper prices and stiffer price competition in one of its insert categories. Another fund manager points out that the company has taken control of its troubles, with hedged paper prices and a move to cut supply in products where pricing declined. Even with its growth forecast revised downward, Valassis is still expected to increase profits at a 10 -15 long-term rate, and earnings next year should rise close to 12 , to 2. That leaves the stock at a mere 10 times next year's profits. And it's worth noting that in times of slower economic growth, coupons are among the things that companies continue to offer to bargain-hunters. With a new wave of tax selling due to bear down on haggard stocks any week now, it might feel as if the typical first-quarter rebound in the year's losers that's been documented by Lehman Brothers is hopelessly distant. If you're tempted nonetheless to plunge ahead and buy a beaten-down mutual fund, check first to see if it will be among those making a capital-gains distribution later this year. In that case, you'll be on the hook for the tax even though you didn't participate in the gain. But at least in selected stocks, it seems the machinations of tax-fearing investors have created the stock market equivalent of a 25 -off sale, and you don't need to redeem a manufacturer's coupon to take advantage. Several of the guys are asking for this chapter so they can read it. Do you have it electronically or hard copy. Shirley Mike, We shall call you to schedule a meeting to review the product. PoweRisk 2000 followup in re WeatherDelta Mr. Kaminski, ? Nick Perry and I were recently discussing the conference in Paris, and we gathered that you had some interest in exploring possible uses of our new WeatherDelta tool-kit. It is the only application that we know of, that can?