I hope you remember me. I visited you together with Aram Sogomonian, a good friend of mine, a few years ago. I am currently responsible, among other things, for recruiting graduates with finance and/or technical backgrounds at the University of Berkeley. I would be glad to give you a call and talk more about the details of our program. I am sending you a copy of the brochure about the Analyst / Associate Program. We are in touch with Ketra and John and we shall work with them when they are here. - I have been informed by Ketra that she plans to be in the Houston office on Monday September 18th through Wednesday September 20th to meet with Vince and Stinston. Hopefully we will be ready to continue Phase I of the Forecasting Project. Can you make arrangements with Vince and Stinson hopefully they will be available to meet! Barbara 312 541-1232 Becky, I have finished my budget but before I send it out, I would like to run it by you. I made a few assumptions and changes to the template. Can you find 15 minutes today or tomorrow? Vince Chris, My part has not changed for some time since early July. I sent the last vintage of corrections to you when I was in Sydney. You can send the version you consider final to us just to double check. I took the liberty of sending our chapter to Darrell Duffie and he liked it. What is more important he did not find any error. I shell send you my comments on the article for Robin in a day or so. Do you have the latest version of your part of chapter 3? Everything else has been tied up and we will go with the version we have, unless we hear otherwise. I checked on the progress of the accounting adjustment and was told it would happen this month. Vince Lisa Marcelli Bank One Securities P. In our phone conversation before the meeting you mentioned another contractual arrangement under which we could work with your compa ny employees on a case-study. The cost of a weekly project would be 12,000 that would be applied to the purchase price should we go ahead and decide to acquire the software. This project would allow us to evaluate the model and come up with an estimate of the manpower necessary to support the model internally. Please, let me know more about this option. We are primarily interested in a long-term natural gas model and the database for North America. Unless a familiarity with the short term model is a prerequisite, we don't have resources to spend too much time on it. Of course, a trading desk may be interested in the short term version of the model. I really enjoyed the meeting the other day with you and a broad cross section of your people. Thank you very much for setting it up, and thank you for giving me the opportunity to speak with your people. I am sending you the license paperwork for MarketPoint. I have attached our standard license agreement for your consideration. As I mentioned, the license agreement covers the entire bundled product, which includes ? North American gas, short and long term ? North American electricity, short and long term ? World oil We are just finishing porting the world oil, world gas, and western Europea n gas models over from our old now obsolete software system into MarketPoint, so they will not be fully tested and complete for a couple of months. However, the gas and electricity models for North America are presently complete and tested. That should allow us to give you an attractive price before the full worldwide toolkit is available throughout your worldwide business. As I understood it, you will want the gas modeling capability first and wil l want to defer decisions on electric or other capability. As I mentioned at the meeting, we are prepared to offer that for approximately the fully bundled price. This is just under the fully bundled price. I think that is consistent with the discussions at our meeting, and from MarketPoint 01,s perspective would provide a great basis to move forward together with Enron. This will allow you to decouple the ga s decision from any other decisions you might make. I will be glad to put this additional pricing provision into the agreement if you decide to move forward. I felt I was able to communicate the philosophy, scope, and operation of ou r approach during the meeting and to deliver you much of the information you might need to evaluate whether MarketPoint meets your needs. I thought you were able to see the depth and sophistication of the product yet at the sam e time its simplicity and effectiveness. I thought you were able to see the benefits of the MarketPoint dimension of economic equilibrium as a complement and supplement to other approaches you will assuredly use. I would be interested in your impressions and those of your colleagues. I look forward to your response and to moving ahead together. We view you as a very important prospective customer and client and will work with you to earn and secure your business.