It would be a great honor and a pleasure for me to help you organize a trip to Pittsburgh. Would it be possible to give you a call tomorrow thursday at 7. I have made some cosmetic changes typos and split infinitives that slipped by. We spoke a while ago about who should write the preface for the book, and you kindly offered that you would provide this. We realise that you are extremely busy, so Chris and Les went ahead and wrote something, which is below, and if you want to review, change or re-write? Pricing and Risk Management has been to bring together as many of the various approaches fo r the pricing and risk management energy derivatives as possible, to discuss in-depth the models, and to show how they relate to each other. In this way we hope to help the reader to analyse the different models, price a wide range of energy derivatives, or to build a risk management system which use s a consistent modelling framework. However, it is not our wish to concentrate on one particular model or models, at the exclusion of the others because we believe that the choice should rest with the user although it will probably be clear from our discussions the model s we prefer. We therefore try a nd give as clear account as possible of the advantage and disadvantages of all the models so that the reader can make an informed choice as to the models which best suit their needs. In order to meet our objectives the book is divided into 11 chapters. In chapter 1 we give an overview of the fundamental principals needed to mode l and price energy derivatives which will underpin the remainder of the book. In addition to introducing the techniques that underlie the Black-Scholes modelling framework we outline the numerical techniques of trinomial trees and Monte Carlo simulation for derivative pricing, which are used througho ut the book. In Chapter 2 we discuss the analysis of spot energy prices. As well as analysing empirical price movements we propose a number of processes that can be used to model the prices. We look at the well-know process of Geometric Brownian Motion as well as mean reversion, stochastic volatility and jump processes, discussing each and showing how they can be simulated and their parameters estimated. This chapter builds on the previous one. It examines in detail the methods , merits and pitfalls of the volatility estimation process assuming different pricing models introduced in chapter 2. Examples from crude, gas, and electricity markets are used to illustrate the technical and interpretativ e aspects of calculating volatility. Chapter 4 examines forward curves in the energy markets. Although such curves are well understood and straight-forward in the most financial markets, the difficulty of storage in many energy markets leads to less well defined curves. In this chapter we describe forward price bounds for ener gy prices and the building of forward curves from market instruments. We outline the three main approaches which have been applied to building forward curves in energy markets the arbitrage approach, the econometric approach, and deriving analytical values by modelling underlying stochastic factors. Chapter 5 presents an overview of structures found in the energy derivativ e markets and discusses their uses. Examples of products analysed in this chapter include a variety of swaps, caps, floors and collars, as well as energy swaptions, compound options, Asian options, barrier options, lookba ck options, and ladder options. Chapter 6 investigates single and multi-factor models of the energy spot price and the pricing of some standard energy derivatives. Closed form solutions for forward prices, forward volatilities, and European option prices both on the spot and forwards are derived and presented for all the models in this chapter including a three factor, stochastic convenience yield and interest rate model. Chapter 7 shows how the prices of path dependent and American style option s can be evaluated for the models in Chapter 6. Simulation schemes are developed for the evaluation of European style options and applied to a variety of path dependent options. In order to price options which incorporate early exercise opportunities, a trinomial tree scheme is developed. This tree is built to be consistent with the observed forward curve and can be used to price exotic as well as standard European and American style options. Chapter 8 describes a methodology for valuing energy options based on modelling the whole of the market observed forward curve. The approach results in a multi-factor model that is able to realistically capture the evolution of a wide range of energy forward curves. The user defined volatility structures can be of an extremely general form. Closed-form solutions are developed for pricing standard European options, and efficie nt Monte Carlo schemes are presented for pricing exotic options.