Please split up the following list and change the deal date back to the original deal date. Employee morale Terminations with cash already paid Other terminations to ensure they are not affecting downstream systems Scheduling cuts Corry, I would love to start the process of cleaning up the scheduling system. We will need help from the schedulers as well so can you send Duong Luu their logins and request the 'Zero Volumes' application in EnPower. There are many people asking about what is flowing and the month is creeping by so if you could get with me tomorrow to make a game plan that would be great. I think we should have the schedulers send us their spreadsheets with an explanatory and then we, along with Unify users, will come up with a plan. I hope to use the schedulers in this process as well, let me know your thoughts. Here is the file. I am planning on continuing to look for the 30. You can delete these information if you want. Remove December from the reconciliation because I only gave them data through 11/30 and Curve Shift data for December is completely useless. You can delete these information if you want. I have to run, but call me tomorrow. I have an idea of what your difference might be caused from. If you need these transaction re-calced in the morning please contact Andrea Dahlke and X 5-4080. This file gives you similar information to the file that Jeff sent you for gas. Frank is using it to continue investigating what went wrong with the extraction from the VaR model. If you want me to change anything, let me know. Here is the file I started. I know there is plenty of missing data because I did not know all the commodities involved with each counterparty. If you could fill in what you know, that would be a big head start on this heinous project. My cell phone works again so I will be available. I will be out of the office tomorrow and out of town this weekend. If you need anything else, please let me know. Who was your surgeon for lasik surgery? I am planning on getting surgery next year and have to make my benefit elections to cover. I was not sure if you wanted exposure by asset, liability or absolute value so I provided the top 25 assets and top 25 liabilities. We will be there through the next Saturday, leaving early that morning. How's work, social life, etc. Keith, Here are the procedures for the East. The West is not currently running option sensitivities. Approximately every one to two weeks or as requested by the options traders an option sensitivity report is run using PortCalc. Price increments from -5 to 5 , monthly Volatility increments from -25 to 25 , and Time increments up to 90 days. the increments are changeable The data is imported from PortCalc into an Excel pivot table. The pivot table is then used to show how the various Greeks delta, gamma, theta and Vega change for each trader's book, generally with a 3 month look ahead. The data can also be sorted by and grouped by other criteria, if requested, such as by region and delivery date These reports are given to the East option traders only. Constellation Energy Authority Sempra Energy Trading Public Service of Colorado I believe the calc that identified our top-levels had extra transactions or values that did not fall out of our books. Once you have figured out the total for the above counterparties compare them to your top-levels. In addition, please send information on any large, structured, out of the norm transactions and any transactions that are calculated outside of the core trading system. Please provide this information early next week. No formal agenda has been planned for our staff meeting today. Instead, I would like for each of you to think of a question s or problem s that you have encountered while in the group. For those areas that you do not the answer, we will do our best to get that answered. In addition, if there is any additional detail that you would like to know regarding topics covered in the Risk Overview class, this would be a good time to ask since the class is fresh on your minds. I am aware of the risk being taken regarding the old Sun machines moving to the new building. Specifically, they may not work once taken out of commission. I am also willing to take this risk and request that the current machines the power risk group operates on should accompany them to the new building. Here is an updated New Power Company exposure as of 10-24. Please let me know if there is any other detail you need.