Please call the candidates and offer your assistance in answering any questions about the organization or Houston in general that may help them with their decision. I spoke to everyone last week and I know that a few want more time. For example, some candidates are doing very targeted searches that are outside of the campus recruiting process. Unfortunately, we cannot extend our deadline. I honestly think we have a chance with these candidates. It's our job to sell them on that long term opportunity and to look beyond the short term. we are in receipt of your e-mails, and I will make certain that Jeff sees them as soon as possible which will be this afternoon given the Enron Board of Directors meeting is taking place this morning. A few minutes of your time Mr Skilling, I would like to have the opportunity of talking with you in person for 15 min. I also believe that I am in a fairly unique position in that I am not in an y particular 01 political faction I really don't play the political game 01 I have enough Enron options t hat I don't need to. And I believe that I am fairly well respected by everyone i. If you cannot meet, then I can describe my concerns in an e-mail, if you prefer. Please let me know if you are available. I will also try to call your offi ce to arrange a meeting. Management Report February 4, Sorry for the problems with printing the report. Please find the summary of today's activity on EnronOnline. The full Management Report is attached below this executive summary Regards, Carrie Southard You're the best! doc Carrie, is there protection on this report that prevents me from printing it out for Jeff Skilling? I print this for him every day and fax it to him when he's traveling. e-rehab Just a quick update and follow up to my previous e-mail. That meeting went far better than expected. A similar document to the one I sent to you has now reached a number of their senior executives. This is not the only big thing we're looking at, but this is definitely big. or one or more companies of similar stature, such as Enron. In any case, the purpose of this note is to solicit a reaction to my earlier e-mail. I would not have approached you in the first place unless I was convinced that our services would be of great benefit to Enron.