I'd like to determine and schedule next steps. I don't mean to be pushy, but I'm anxious and feel a great deal of urgency. I'll place a call to your office next week to get a read on your temperature. Jim, so long as you and Jim Derrick have approved from a legal perspective, Jeff approves. Non-solicitation Agreement Enron Corp. and Scient Corporation The purpose of this email is to obtain the necessary approvals from each of you per the policy dated October 27, 1999 concerning entering into agreements containing non-solicitation provisions. Jay Fitzgerald has been negotiating and is about to finalize a services agreement with Scient Corporation Scient will be providing software and hardware related services. It contains a mutual agreement not to solicit the other's employees for a one year period. Jay thinks the major beneficiary of that provision will be us, since it is more likely that they will want some of our employees rather than the other way around. Please indicate your approval by reply to this email. Mr. Knapp, Thank you for your invitation to Mr. Skilling to speak at the March 22, 2000, Energy Industry Restructuring seminar in Paris. Unfortunately, Mr. Skilling's schedule does not allow him to participate. Sincerely, Sherri Reinartz-Sera Assistant to Mr. Skilling 713. Seminar on Energy Industry Restructuring Jeff, The International Energy Agency would like to invite you to speak at a one-day Seminar on Energy Industry Restructuring to be held on 22 March 2000 here in Paris. Enron's unique position in the global gas and electricity businesses and your personal role in bringing that about would be of great interest to the audience. , oversight committees the Standing Group on the Oil Market, the Standing Group on Emergency Questions and the Standing Group on the Long-Term. Chatham House rules will apply no attribution without permission, no press, open exchange of ideas. If your schedule and inclination permits, we would like you to speak for about 25-35 minutes on corporate objectives and strategies, your experiences to date and any general plans for the future that you are permitted to discuss , with a focus on the gas and electric industries. Case studies of particular business developments would be of special interest. Saab, Head of Planning for EdF, who has been invited, but is checking his schedule. You might find some useful insights into the possibly disparate regulatory mentalities in these three regions. I would be pleased to send you a complete working agenda for the meeting and a formal invitation letter. You may remember me from the days I was running the Energy Group and Brown Brothers Harriman Co. in the 1980s, and for part of the time following Enron. I hope your schedule will allow you to come to Paris. Jeff is out of town today, so I'm responding on his behalf. test Mr. Stuart, Mr. Skilling has reviewed your communications and has determined that Enron is not interested in pursuing at this time. e-rehab Just a quick update and follow up to my previous e-mail. That meeting went far better than expected. A similar document to the one I sent to you has now reached a number of their senior executives. This is not the only big thing we're looking at, but this is definitely big. or one or more companies of similar stature, such as Enron. In any case, the purpose of this note is to solicit a reaction to my earlier e-mail. I would not have approached you in the first place unless I was convinced that our services would be of great benefit to Enron. If you have an interest in exploring this opportunity, I'd like to determine and schedule next steps.