Mark, I have a letter here that Jeff would like to mail to you we still haven't gotten him to use e-mail yet! however, I don't have an address for you. Please let me know if you have a mailing address in Istanbul, and I'll get this in the mail right away. I was wondering if you would do me a favor. Unfortunately, Jeff is never there to sign for them, so the packages are delayed in getting to him as we have to track them down. At any rate, in the future if you would send packages to Jeff at Enron Corp. Sherri Michael, I'm responding on behalf of Jeff Skilling, who is traveling abroad. It appears that this is informational only for Jeff, and you are not inviting him to attend the meetings. If this is an invitation to attend, he is unable to as he will still be traveling abroad. Azurix Investment Banking Meeting I have made some arrangements in scheduling potential investment bankers to talk with us about our current project. I have informed them about our current situation and thinking, and they will be prepared to present their ideas on deal process, potential investors/buyers, valuation, fee proposal, credentials etc. I plan to make a decision very quickly regarding whom we will work with, and get the process moving as quickly as possible. 30 am I am still trying to schedule a date and time with Nicholas Wrigley and Rothchild I would greatly appreciate your letting me know if 1 you have interest in attending these meetings and 2 you can attend a Merrill meeting on Monday and the Schroder's meeting on Wednesday. Michael Anderson 646-9666 Mark, I got your nice letter - hope things are going well. Jeff Mr. Krings, I received your voicemail this morning. On December 3, I forwarded this information to Mr. Mike McConnell, who in turn sent it to Mr. Jay Fitzgerald, Enron's Managing Director of e-Commerce. He is the appropriate person with whom to follow up. In talking to your secretary, it apparently got lost in the shuffle, so I'm sending it as an attachment via e-mail. It further helps you to insure that the business rules in deregulated energy markets are followed. doc Awais, Mr. Skilling receives this report every day, which he is very interested in seeing however, especially when traveling, he is most interested in the summary e-mail, not the lengthy attached document. I print this page for him everyday and fax it to him if traveling. Could you check into this and let me know if there is something we can do to make certain that the entire e-mail page prints? EnronOnline - Dec 14 Mgt Report Please find the summary of today's activity on EnronOnline. The full Management Report is attached below this executive summary. Jeff is out of town today, so I'm responding on his behalf. test Mr. Knapp, Thank you for your invitation to Mr. Skilling to speak at the March 22, 2000, Energy Industry Restructuring seminar in Paris. Unfortunately, Mr. Skilling's schedule does not allow him to participate. Sincerely, Sherri Reinartz-Sera Assistant to Mr. Skilling 713. Seminar on Energy Industry Restructuring Jeff, The International Energy Agency would like to invite you to speak at a one-day Seminar on Energy Industry Restructuring to be held on 22 March 2000 here in Paris. Enron's unique position in the global gas and electricity businesses and your personal role in bringing that about would be of great interest to the audience.