Please call me if you have any questions. Please let me know if you need additional information. , under which Seller shall sell and Buyer shall purchase a quantity of natural gas equal to the Daily Contract Quantity at the Contract Price on a firm basis. The Contract Price shall be as submitted by Counterparty via the Website. The Period of Delivery shall be from the Effective Date through the Termination Date. The term of the Transaction shall correspond to the date s set forth in the Product description on the Website. The transaction is for delivery at the tailgate of the Carthage Hub. , under which Seller shall sell and Buyer shall purchase a quantity of natural gas equal to the Daily Contract Quantity at the Contract Price on a firm basis. The Contract Price shall be as submitted by Counterparty via the Website. The Period of Delivery shall be from the Effective Date through the Termination Date. The term of the Transaction shall correspond to the date s set forth in the Product description on the Website. The transaction is for delivery at the tailgate of the Exxon Katy Plant. , under which Seller shall sell and Buyer shall purchase a quantity of natural gas equal to the Daily Contract Quantity at the Contract Price on a firm basis. The Contract Price shall be as submitted by Counterparty via the Website. The Period of Delivery shall be from the Effective Date through the Termination Date. The term of the Transaction shall correspond to the date s set forth in the Product description on the Website. Per the request of Cary Carrabine, attached please find my review of the credit that you proposed to add to the Master Firm Purchase/Sale Agreement. I am glad to hear you and your car are o. Dan and Marianne went to I-10 and saw the flooding in person. He said the video on tv did not really show how bad it was. Is there an estimate on when B P will be back in their offices? It would be nice for you to have a couple of days off. I heard that Monica Jordan Richards left Enron and went to Entergy. I just returned from a four month maternity leave. Attached are the final version of the documents on the system. Jeff gave me the Conoco agreements to work on. Unfortunately, I do not remember what he says needs to be done. Per the request of Cary Carrabine, attached please find an executable version of the Master Firm Purchase/Sale Agreement between enovate, L. Also attached is a redlined version of the Agreement which shows your changes that I have incorporated. If everything is satisfactory, please print two copies of the executable agreement and secure signature on behalf of Hess Energy Services. Please fax a copy of the partially-executed agreement to Cary and mail the originals to him. We will send you a fully-executed original for your files. I left a message last week for Brenda Frankenhauser about the Columbia assignment. Per the request of Sylvia Pollan, attached please find Enron North America Corp. Jeff Hodge asked that I respond to your e-mail. By "spot", I mean interruptible gas deals of any length and firm deals one month or less in duration. Enron also has its own form of spot agreement that we use. I have attached a copy of that agreement. For those deals, we use our Enfolio Master Firm Purchase/Sale Agreement that I have attached. If you need copies of actual confirmations, Bob Bowen or Ellen Wallumrod would be able to give you examples. Form confirmations are at the back of each of the agreements attached.