This should take approximately 30 minutes. If you are going to be out of the office, please have your assistant send me an e-mail and copy Janette with the dates you will be out and the telephone number where you can be contacted. If you don't want these changes, throw this message away. Mail, your reply will not reach the PeopleFinder. Please carry your cell phone with you with the power on while you are at work during normal business hours. It is important that I can reach you when it becomes necessary. We have purchased 30 copies of the referenced book. It is a short read -- about 30-45 minutes. Effective October 15, 2000, the retention period on tape recordings of trades done by telephone will be reduced from four months to one month. The tapes regarding significant transactions may be retained for such longer period as approved in writing by both the Head Trader and the General Counsel. Please propose those significant transactions on which you may wish to retain the tapes, prior to October 15, 2000, since the tapes on conversations older than one month except with respect to litigation matters will be destroyed on that date. If you have any questions, please contact Mark Haedicke or Richard Sanders. In the attached chart, I have listed our three main options, and the pluses and minuses, from my point of view, of each option. If you have a copy of Who Moved My Cheese? Please delete the referenced meetings from your calendars. This report does not attempt to list all transactions or include reference to on-going maintenance of completed transactions. Please let me know if you have any questions. The purpose of these procedures is to i improve communication with counsel inside and outside on issues, fees and services and ii send price signals on legal costs with respect to specific transactions on a timely basis to the business units. A written estimate of proposed fees and expenses and a written description of the services shall be provided by our outside counsel. The responsible business unit and the General Counsel shall review and approve such written estimate before our outside counsel is directed to provide substantial professional services. Our outside counsel shall be instructed to promptly submit a revised written estimate if such outside counsel determines that legal fees and expenses for such transaction will exceed the previous written estimate by 25,000. In order to accurately track such expenses so that the expenses can be properly allocated to the various business units, a work order number should be obtained for each transaction. If you have any questions or any other suggestions for controlling expenses, please call me at extension 36544. Please confirm what time you were able to convene the call. Effective immediately, any out of town travel not directly related to a work project needs to be approved in advance by me. In Julia's absence from the office, I need you to prepare an Enron Industrial Monthly Legal Report for October and submit it to me as soon as possible. The report should be concise, in bullet format, and submitted via e-mail to me by the 15th of each month. Please prepare a Monthly Legal Report for your group for October and submit it to me as soon as possible. The report should be concise, in bullet format, and submitted to me via e-mail by the 15th of each month. The report should be concise, in bullet format, and submitted to me via e-mail by the 15th of each month. Does anyone have permission to access your Email/Calendar? Are you responsible for updating anyone else's address book? Is anyone else responsible for updating your address book? Do you have access to a shared calendar? No Do you have any Distribution Groups that Messaging maintains for you for mass mailings ? Will you be out of the office in the near future for vacation, leave, etc? Janette Elbertson is going to handle the migration for me while I am on vacation Attached is our Confidentiality Agreement.