As you can well imagine, the prospect of losing our valued relationship with Enron is extremely disappointing, especially considering the significant inroads we had made during the last couple of years in getting to know Enron, its various businesses and representing your interests on a number of major transactions and initiatives in Canada. At this point in time, we need to better understand where we stand and whether there is any prospect of representing your interests in Canada. One of our concerns in trying to mend fences is our relationship with your Calgary office which we perceive to be paramount in any effort to re-establish the kind of relationship we had with Enron prior to this incident. As a result, we would like to seek your views on this prior to our meeting in Houston so as not to further aggravate our relationship with the Calgary office. David Jackson and Jim Christie, two key members of our senior executive, and I would be available to discuss this matter with you at your convenience Wednesday, Thursday or Friday of next week. Perhaps you can let me know what works best for you and we could initiate the call. Thanking you in advance for your kind consideration. Best regards, Dan Below are Mark Haedicke's revisions to the announcement. The purpose of this memo is to share with you the new We are pleased to announce organizational changes that have been implemented in to the Enron South America legal department in response to the recent reorganization and realignment of the principal Enron Wholesale Services business units operating in the region, Enron Americas and Enron Global Assets. An organizational chart describing the new structure is attached. We believe This new structure will enable us to continue to provide quality legal support across business lines within South America while improving coordination and providing additional support from Houston for Enron's existing operating businesses, as well as the new business development initiatives under way in the region. Below is a draft reorg memo and an updated org chart for your review and comment. The org chart is a bit dense so any suggestions on how to clean it up would be welcome. The purpose of this memo is to share with you the new organizational changes that have been implemented in the Enron South America legal department in response to the recent reorganization and realignment of the principal Enron Wholesale Services business units operating in the region, Enron Americas and Enron Global Assets. An organizational chart describing the new structure is attached. We believe this new structure will enable us to continue to provide quality legal support across business lines within South America while improving coordination and providing additional support from Houston for Enron's existing operating businesses as well as the new business development initiatives under way in the region. Mark Haedicke We are pleased to announce organizational changes to the Enron South America legal department in response to the recent reorganization and realignment of the principal Enron Wholesale Services business units operating in the region, Enron Americas and Enron Global Assets. An organizational chart describing the new structure is attached. This new structure will enable us to continue to provide quality legal support across business lines within South America while improving coordination and providing additional support from Houston for Enron's existing operating businesses, as well as the new business development initiatives under way in the region. This report does not attempt to list all transactions or include reference to on-going maintenance of completed transactions. Please let me know if you have questions. Please use the form attached when preparing the top ten risks for your businesses. It is standard operating procedure to copy all assistants to the extent you know who they are on e-mails such as this. In the future please make sure you copy me on any e-mails pertaining to meetings or business lunches in which Mark Haedicke should participate. Thank you for your cooperation in the future.