A written estimate of proposed fees and expenses and a written description of the services shall be provided by our outside counsel. The responsible business unit and the General Counsel shall review and approve such written estimate before our outside counsel is directed to provide substantial professional services. Our outside counsel shall be instructed to promptly submit a revised written estimate if such outside counsel determines that legal fees and expenses for such transaction will exceed the previous written estimate by 25,000. In order to accurately track such expenses so that the expenses can be properly allocated to the various business units, a work order number should be obtained for each transaction. This report does not attempt to list all transactions or include reference to on-going maintenance of completed transactions. Please let me know if you have any questions. This feedback is used by the Performance Review Committee in conducting its evaluations and also is used in preparing the written performance reviews. Please take the time to complete the forms and provide candid, accurate feedback when it is requested. The deadline for completing evaluation forms is November 17th. Mark Haedicke and Michelle Cash I need your list of accomplishments five to ten items for calendar year 2000 by the close of business next Tuesday, December 5. If you have not already done so, please complete and turn in 1999 Year End Performance Reviews for all employees that report to you lawyers, legal specialists and administrative staff. Thank you for your attention to this matter. Subscripton Renewal Dear Mark, This is to inform you that your subscription to Risk is up for renewal. The regular subscription cost through December, 2001, is 599. The cost after the corporate discount is 509. Please let me know if you would like to renew this publication. We will be happy to take care of this for you. If you have any questions, please do not hesitate to call me. You will be notified when the Legal Committee meetings resume. Please let Janette Elbertson know by e-mail if you are interested in donating your time to help staff the table in the lobby on Monday, December 18, from 10 a. Make your donation and receive a 10-off coupon for Sun and Ski Sports. This report does not attempt to list all transactions or include reference to on-going maintenance of completed transactions. Please let me know if you have any questions. Elizabeth Sager Dan Rogers Richard Sanders Paul Simons Lance Schuler Mark Taylor Sheila Tweed Randy Young Please give me your comments. It is anticipated that we will continue to adjust the membership of both groups as the businesses continue to change. I plan to address the policy committee in February. This report does not attempt to list all transactions or include reference to on-going maintenance of completed transactions. Please let me know if you have any questions. This report does not attempt to list all transactions or include reference to on-going maintenance of completed transactions. Please let me know if you have any questions. This is Janette Elbertson, Mark Haedicke's Assistant. Lunch is scheduled after the meeting if that meets your schedule. I will call your e-mail to his attention upon his return on Friday. I trust you had a pleasant holiday season. I understand that our meeting with Jim Derrick and you has been rescheduled to the first part of March. Your assistant gave us the choice of March 1 or 2. Although we can accommodate both dates, March 1 works better for David Jackson.