This report does not attempt to list all transactions or include reference to on-going maintenance of completed transactions. Please let me know if you have questions. Please remember if you are going to be out of the office on vacation or for business matters have your assistant send me an e-mail and copy Janette with the dates you will be out and the telephone number where you can be contacted. If you have any questions please call me at 3-6544. Thank you for your attention to this matter. Attached is our Confidentiality Agreement. Please feel free to call me at 713 853-6544 if you have any questions. It has become customary to prepare Unanimous Consents of Directors for many transactions even if such actions are not required by the relevant By-laws and/or Certificate of Incorporation. Please consider carefully whether Unanimous Consents of Directors are necessary or appropriate in a particular transaction, i. When in doubt, please review the By-laws and Certificate of Incorporation of the relevant entity and discuss the matter with a member of the Office of the General Counsel. Please let me know as soon as possible if you are aware of any such contracts as described below by Sharon Butcher. Small Business Administration, Office of Government Contracting has advised that on May 25, 2001, they will evaluate Enron's subcontracting program and compliance on any subcontracting plans in effect on current contracts. This review will cover the last five 5 years. All Forms 294 and 295 filed with the Small Business Adminstration along with the names of each Administrative Contracting Officer U. Government employee responsible for monitoring the contract for each contract will be subject to the review. In addition, total subcontract placement with small businesses, small disadvantaged businesses, women-owned small businesses, and HubZone small businesses shall be reviewed. Further, the amount of indirect or overhead costs, if any, apportioned to contract goals is subject to review. The review will cover these figures for one year ago if available. there will be a weekly telephone conference for the California litigation team. The objective will be to identify key issues and plan a coordinated strategy for all litigation in California. The call will last not more than one hour. Class Actions Richard Sanders and Robin Gibbs Gibbs Bruns 3. Government Investigations Regulatory and Richard Sanders Richard Sanders and Robin Gibbs will have overall responsibility for coordination of the litigation. I am responding on behalf of Mark Haedicke. We have checked with our department and our lawyers are not aware of any such contracts as you described in your e-mail. Barbara Gray responded, "I am unaware of any subcontracts for this period. I do know that we have used minority lawyers, but that does not appear to be responsive to the question. This report does not attempt to list all transactions or include reference to on-going maintenance of completed transactions. Please let me know if you have questions. This report does not attempt to list all transactions or include reference to on-going maintenance of completed transactions. Please let me know if you have questions. We couldn't view all of the forms however, when we printed your form, they all printed out. Mark Haedicke has everything needs for the meeting. To ensure that you experience a successful migration from Notes to Outlook, it is necessary to gather individual user information prior to your date of migration. Please take a few minutes to completely fill out the following survey.