You all have done an excellent job with the gas daily products. We have been asked to have one a day up at all times with a relatively tight two way and to provide market depth. You may provide market depth, offset to last trade, or use last trade mid functions. Let me know if you have any questions or concerns regarding this request. Please have all of the positions in the BasisTransport tab, section transport model, added to the phys index position totals. I am sorry that I have not had a chance to thank you recently. I received an email this morning regarding the reports viewer. I agree with restriciting the access to these sensitive reports, but I don't agree with removing myself from those allowed to review positions. I not only run one of the largest financial books on the floor, but I also manage the West physical book. While Phillip acts as manager of the sub books in the west, I am managing all physical positions. Your replies are brief and extremely vague. I will assume that you are not interested. Thanks for the update. Try to stay flat on all gas dailies tomorrow. Let's stay flat for now in the oct index. I will be working from home in the morning. Please have Matt email the ops reports to my lotus. Also, please have Patti email her sheets also - the pipeline summary and flow reports. Tell Philip that I will be using hearme. Steve, Start buying N-M citygate index this week. Pay as much as necessary to get resonable size. Grigsby keep buying N-M socal gd index up to plus. I will buy as much as they want to sell. Let's continue to buy Socal for the rest of the month. I would like to sell Rockies, and remian neutral on Permian and San Juan, unless it looks like the maint on washington ranch will have a bullish effecst on the basins. We would like to schedule our trip to Cancun, Ritz Carlton for March 29, Thursday through Sunday. It will be the trading group only, less Tori Kuykendall. Sincerely, Let's continue to go long sep swing on Socal. I am willing to as long as we can each day. Can we create a San Juan phys for Oct bidweek? What did we decide with this product - swing only? If we do, I would like to link it to the basis plus nymex, or to the fixed price gas daily fixed price gas daily will be rolled out during bidweek this month because of our risk in gd basis going forward. I want to roll the Inside Ferc phys points out during bidweek 7-4, as defined by Inside Ferc, last trade is mid. We will plan on sending the data to both index publications. Time open to market, time of actual trade, counterparty, price, etc. This will be considered their last opportunity to be accurate or we will decline to participate until their numbers are audited. Please contact Keith Holst if you should have any questions regarding the new spread products. Please let him know when they are completed. I will be out of the office until Wednesday. I am sure that you are aware of the move to daily basis from monthly. The west desk will be trying to phase out monthly for daily in the next month. Grigsby I created the term gd basis products for waha, perm, sj, opal, and malin this weekend. Keith and I briefly discussed how we would handle the new responsibility. I am fine with managing the prompt month gd basis, while you guys manage the term. I will be back in the office this week and we can talk about the products. Would we handle the monthly the same way? When do we plan to phase the monthly out? Have Phillip manage the perm and waha basis until I return. We can roll these out for all terms as well. Grigsby Greg, Are you interested in discussing opportunities with E steel at another time? I would like to have Mr. Belew call you to set up an appointment in the near future. Let me know what your objective is with Enron Networks, and if you are pursuing the same online platform growth in steel that we are in natural gas. I appreciate your taking the time to entertain their questions. Any news on the spread products for the west? The titles are Baja and Redwood spreads. x37031 I was out yesterday to become a father and Courtney was rescheduled for Monday. I will let you know when the baby finally comes. Grigsby Would it be okay if we went ahead and rolled the socal and baja transport in sitara? The Baja transport is through March 2002. This will really help me monitor my physical index exposure on the curve. Let's get together and discuss tomorrow. Please make a few minor changes to the Scal product. We also need to take a look at the description, fixed and floating. I would like to get access to the new westpower website.