Please review the transport deals in the model and delete the positions. Please forward me the login and password again. I would like to be included in Enron's corporate wide license. I will use this pc for bloomberg only. Please feel free to install the pc and monitors on Thursday or Friday. Please include me on this trip. Have Ina reserve a plane flight for us if you don't mind. We need to talk about the contract language for Holly Sugar. I believe I ordered a bloomberg machine only. Does it some with its own operating system or is it offered through the network? Please let me know before coming to install. The curve is currenlty mapped to Socal with the differential to Socal being calculated in the physical index curve. Let's work on setting up this curve on Tuesday so that it shows the accurate value for fin deals. We can have the curve calc off of a discount to citygate in Keith's spreadsheet. I think we discussed that they can't be added because of their association with Socal curves. It would be nice to see these locations broken out in detail. We need to make certain that the transport for Pasdena is booked properly in sitara. I am taking a flash to actual hit on PL because of our inability to book this deal properly. I need the transport booked in sitara at index to index, and then book the fixed cost payed to Pasadena in an index minus sale to them at the border. Please run a minibook of the transaction thru the remaining term and let me review it. Please let me know when this has been fixed. Kim, what is the cost of the transport for the month of May? Also, did we change the index in the San Juan to Inside Ferc? Jay, what are we doing with questar positions? I have an April position and Mark Whitt is working on a term deal. The Rockies index language looks good. Please make the change to the sheet and forward a copy to me before emailing. Anne, We will need to add a message to the email that we send out to the publications this bidweek. We have added new products that will need to be matched with their respective Index postings. Please call him and confirm the receipt point. please send out a revised sheet with non-eol trades included. Please send it out early this morning and then we will send the final sheet by noon today. Frank Ermis claims that this deal was priced at Index. I made some big changes to the index curves tonight. Please run a new P L early in the morning in order to estimate what the changes in book value will be. I will need to let John Lavorado know about the changes to the curves before we decide to book these tomorrow. Please run a report from the transport model so that I may see the changes to the delivery points. Please review the transport positions in sitara for next month. We should have the Baja transport included. The sj to socal transport should be broken out to like 24,000 topock, 14,000 mojave, and the balance to pg e topock. Also, please check on the kingsgate to malin and stanfield to malin for next month. Patti, please run a report showing all of the sitara transport deals. Courtney needs me to watch the boys on Thursday in order to get organized before we leave for Italy. Please have Anne update the newcurrentday sheet in order to manage my position. Please call me with any pertinent market information. Can we scrub the transport model P L for yesterday? Please activate all index producst in section 1125. Non Texas phys index less than one year. Will you please take a look at the term non-texas index products greater than one year and activate them? The section is numbered 1126 in product manager. I would also like to discuss creating a south of Muddy Creek product for Kern gas. Please create your new basis and gas daily products for these indices as soon as possible. Mattt will need to create the gd index products as well. Let the brokers know about the new indices I have the back office setting up new curves to book these deals. The curves will show your risk on the old index, as well as the new index. The proxy price will be Gas Daily and Cantor Fitzgerald for Ca deliveries. How do we submit prices to Cantor Fitzgerald? Anne, we will need to come up with a cash report, much like our monthly index report for the publications. Our data submitted will be under scrutiny at some point in the future. It is important that all of our cash one day deals are reported accurately each day.