Allen asked me to contact you for access. I work with Phillip on the west gas desk. We will use this until we decide to create a subgroup of daily basis products. Dale, Will you please create the following products for me when you get the chance? Also, Can I please create three Gas Daily basis products. Please let us know where we may be able to access this report when it becomes available. Sincerely, West Trading Keith has your email. Feel free to call him right now if you want to. I will be coming back on this flight. Please disregard my request to go directly to Las Vegas. I will need a flight to Las Vegas on the following Friday and returning Sunday morning. I have asked Bob Badeer to help us research what the utilization rate of gas fired plants in the west was last year and what, if any, the impact of lower hydro and even warmer temps would mean to gas consumption in 2001. We need to account for any political changes in air pollution credits this year that may increase gas consumption in 2001. Please come by my desk when you get the chance. Sincerely, I logged into the trading cluster and it appears that it is quite similar to general cluster. Can we please load the programs that I emialed you earlier? I am going to be out of the office in the next few weeks and I will need access to all trading apps. I would like to see if the following applications are installed in the Trading Cluster. Should I get a phone number of one of the technicians, so that I may call them from my house when I try to log in. Also, the guys set up a hub for my desktop and laptop. How do I have the laptop share the printer which is connected to my desktop ? Please have the technician bring another network cord for the laptop. I would like to connect it to the nortel hub as well. That was the main factor. The cash market also had a difficult time trading higher than 14. The basis curve was on its way to contango, when it has lived in backwardation for some time. This created resistance on the basis curve. Market is back up today on stronger cash and the socal edison announcement. Can we update a west contact sheet? I would like to have all traders and operations personnel listed. Name, address, home phone, work phone, cell phone, and email. Please let me know what the next step will be for setting up the nortel box. Please let me know what you guys plan to do. I can meet someone at the house this afternoon. Sincerely, Directions to my house. West of the Galleria, take San Felipe down to Fountainview and take a left. You will pass the Rice Epicurean store on your right. Go straight to the first light, take a right on Burgoyne. You will pass through Potomac and Nantucket, continue into Briar Grove neighborhood. When you come to the stop sign, take a right on Briar Ridge. My house is on the southwest corner of the next intersection, Meadow Lake and Briar Ridge. Are you saying that under no circumstances can you upgrade the memory on this desktop pc? The technician said that it would simply take another memory design. Let me know when you have the right memory available to install. I am interested in talking to you about Jennifer Bagwell, as well as discussing the possibility of moving Susan Scott back to my book. Sincerely, I told you Friday that I would make 2. I don't think that there should be a fin gd swap position of 12 lots in the mojave index column. Please check to see how the deal was booked. I will be out of town on the fourth. We will show our appreciation for your help when we get back from our vacation. Sincerely, I received a notice to provide feedback on Jose Marquez. The west desk is very pleased with Jose's contribution. He has gone out of his way to assist each of us. Jose communicates the weather and its impact very clearly. Let me know if you need additional information. Sincerely, Thank you for the information. Let me know if you meant to send another link for the product. Grigs Bobby, You love my glasses, don't you? Let me know when you can send those down to me. Grigsby Anne, it looks like the socal position for socal is incorrect. The position looks much smaller than it did today. Please check to see if Patti made changes to deals in sitara. We need to make certian that the customers are signed to the correct contract for balancing, etc. Please get with me to discuss.