I thought it would be best to have one rep for the Rockies, Stacy Brewer and one for the Southwest, Shannon Groenewald. It would be nice to have Patti on the floor, but it would be like taking the teacher from the classroom. Mike Tom, Please review and let me know if this helps. If it works, then please forward to other interested parties on your desk. Are we going to cover the western Canada fundamentals presentation and the X tomorrow? Please send Keith an email so that we may set an agenda. We are looking forward to coming to Austin soon to see Charles. We have heard all of the typical low price rumors of Rockies shut-ins at a dollar. I am going to put Steve South and Paul Lucci in charge of presenting a shut-in analysis by field in the Rockies and san juan. What do I need to have these guys look at in terms of variable costs. Is it as simple as gathering and processing? As most of you know, Monique Sanchez has resigned and will be leaving Enron October 12. Monique is moving to Salt Lake City with her fianc? We congratulate Monique on her move and thank her for all of her contributions to the west desk. We will plan a going away dinner for Monique before she leaves. Mike John, Monique Sanchez submitted her resignation this afternoon. She is moving to Salt Lake City with her fianc? I moved all of her positions to my book today. Please let me know if you have any problems with this arrangement. Mike I am thinking that I will make the Socal markets going forward. I will roll out the Nov-Mar and Apr-Oct. Do you want to handle the internal flow with mid market? Mike Randy, Will you please get together with Jason and discuss the daily report. This report will give us a complete analysis of the cash activity. There are rumors circulating that the Associate/Analyst program will be reduced soon. Can we address this issue with some of the Associate/Analyst employees on the floor? Will Associates be reduced regardless of whether or not they are in a core business, etc.? Let me know if I can address this with some of our people. I have not inspected the room to see if it will accommodate our entire group. I am having trouble dialing your number. I spoke to Randy Bhatia and he recommended you with confidence. After reviewing your resume I would like to go ahead and recommend that you come to the interview process in November. Please scrub the prompt tab, phys index tab, fin index tab, and consolidated tab. Make sure they all tie out to the hedge strips and sitara. Shannon will give you a copy of my physical volumes from sitara. We will hold off transferring any physical positions desk to desk until the end of bidweek. Please review the transport for next month and make certain that it is set up correctly for market prices. Also, please put in a good burn estimate for Citizens next month. Please prepare to supply our socal pool with non-topock gas 100 next month. I am not sure how Enron provides this service to us. Grigsby In light of the current circumstances with the company and the concerns that our counterparties have at this time, I would like to leave the upstream business in Denver. Moving this business would lead to confusion with our customers and to our Denver based employees. Let me know if you have any issues with this. If you would like to go up there for coordination and training, then feel free to travel to Denver. I do not believe Elizabeth Shim is there employee to rank for termination. Until last week, Elizabeth Shim was in the Trading Track program on loan to Bob Hall and logistics. If they were trying to meet quota by terminating Elizabeth, then I think they need to look elsewhere. The Trading group should be making the decision on whether or not we fire Trading Track employees. Will you fax me the final rankings from the other day. Did you get a chance to rank Zack McCarroll? Please send it over when you get a chance. Please give Zach McCarroll access to the network and reactivate his login and password. Let me know why he was taken off the system.