Good luck in Miami, I will be rooting for your Sooners that's hard to say. Give me a call when you get a chance so we can follow up on Enron and Nexstar opportunities. I always really enjoy getting together and talking about life and our businesses. Attached are the two presentations we discussed. A little airplane or boat, sorry, ship reading. I'll be making significant changes as I get ready for the analyst meetings. I would like to illustrate the growth of our commodities to show why this a great business unit and why this is a big focus for wholesale. Also we will use all of this for the Jan analyst meeting. Please compile some facts on each business by 1. other metrics that you think will illustrate the point Go back as many years as you can get data. Thanks, mike Go ahead and send me preliminary copies of the figures as it is being compiled. I met with Shanna this morning and accepted the terms of my new contract. Thank you for your role in this matter and your trust in me. Thanks for the email and quick response. I'll address in more detail later, I'm gong out of town again this morning, but I did call Alan Kent and you will have a copy of his standard construction agreement and a copy of the deed restrictions e-mailed today. Also please call Alan directly with any questions on the contract. Larry is his real estate agent for selling homes in this subdivision and i believe he is just helping him. Alan should be able to answer most of your questions for clarifications quickly. In case you don't have his numbers, he can be reached at his office. We can discuss the other issues you addressed later when i get a chance to review them more carefully. We are comfortable with Alan as the builder and want him to build the house, we just want to have a remedy if things don't go well. Proposed Unimproved Property Contract by and between Flair Construction Co. We have read and reviewed the above referenced Contract and your letter to us regarding same dated February 20, 2001. We want to respond to the questions and issues raised in your letter as well as make some suggestions and comments about the proposed Contract itself. First, the Contract being used is the standard type of Contract used for the proposed transaction. The Contract is promulgated by the Texas Real Estate Commission and is to be used by all licensed Real Estate Brokers and Agents. As we discussed, we think it is most important that you have the opportunity to read and review the Construction Agreement that Flair Construction Co. The fact that Flair is both the Developer, as well as the potential Builder, raises some issues. Usually, Builders have agreements with the Developer regarding the purchase of lots and building on same. Often, lots are reserved to certain Builders and if you purchase those lots you are required to use the designated Builders. However, often lots are free to be purchased by potential homeowners who then can choose the Builder they want. We are interested in knowing if the lots you are purchasing are actually reserved to Flair Construction Co. , or is Flair just requiring you to use them to build your home since they are selling you the lots in question? As you point out in your letter, if you sign the Contract as it now reads, you are captive to the Builder and are not free to negotiate with other Builders. It appears to us that you will be one of the first homeowners in this new subdivision. We think it is critically important that you get a copy of the Deed Restrictions even before you sign the Contract to make sure that there are restrictions in place regarding the size of homes to be built, size of lots, etc. We want to make sure that your home is not horribly atypical for the neighborhood. We do not know if The Lakes of Sterling Gate Estates is in the City of Houston or within its extraterritorial jurisdiction. This is something you may want to find out as soon as possible. Since this is a brand new subdivision your concern regarding its future development and tax rate is very legitimate. Usually, until the subdivision is fairly well built out, the Developer controls the Community Association as well as the Architectural Control Committee. Therefore, if this subdivision does not take off you will be under the control of the Developer. We recommend in the strongest terms possible that you talk with recent customers of Flair Construction Co. Some Builders are far better than others as it relates to follow-up warranty work after their customers move into their homes. We normally recommend that homeowners do not move into their homes until all punch list items are completed to the satisfaction of the homeowner. The foregoing was our general comments regarding the proposed Contract. As we previously stated, we think it is important that you acquire copies of the Restrictive Covenants and Deed Restrictions as soon as possible. You will be responsible to pay assessments to the Property Owners Association.