Mary's letter is identical to the Hunt letter which Charlie is sending to Hunt today. If this is not the case, please let me know and I will modify to fit the terms of the St. Otherwise, please print off as many originals as you need and send them to St. An old man and his wife have gone to bed. After lying in bed for a few minutes the old man cuts a fart and says, "Seven points." The old man, not to be outdone, strains really hard but to no avail. So, not to be outdone by his wife, he gives it everything he has, trying for one more fart. Straining real hard, the old man shits the bed. The wife asks, "What in the hell was that? " -- - Texian's Driving Etiquette - Dim your headlights for approaching vehicles, even if the gun is loaded and the deer is in sight. Do not lay rubber while traveling in a funeral procession. Do not remove the seats from the car so that all your kids can fit in. Never relieve yourself from a moving vehicle, especially when driving. Never tow another car using pantyhose and duct tape. When approaching a four-way stop, the vehicle with the largest tires always has the right of way. When sending your wife down the road with a gas can, it is impolite to ask her to bring back beer. - Texian's Personal Hygiene - If you have to vacuum the bed, it's time to change the sheets. Plucking unwanted nose hair is time-consuming work. A cigarette lighter and a small tolerance for pain can accomplish the same goal and save hours. Its a good idea to keep a bucket of water handy when using this method. Unlike clothes and shoes, a toothbrush should never be a hand-me-down item. - Texian's Dinning Out - Remember to leave a generous tip for good service. After all, their mobile home costs just as much as yours. - Texian's Entertaining in Your Home - A centerpiece for the table should never be anything prepared by a taxidermist. Do not allow the dog to eat at the table. If your dog falls in love with a guest's leg, have the decency to leave them alone for a few minutes. - Texian's Dating Outside the Family - Always offer to bait your date's hook, especially on the first date. "I've been wanting to go out with you since I read that stuff on the men's bathroom wall two years a go. " If a girl's name does not appear regularly on a bathroom wall, water tower, or an overpass, odds are good that the date will end in frustration. - Texian's Theater Etiquette - Crying babies should be taken to the lobby and picked up immediately after the movie has ended. Refrain from talking to characters on the screen. - Texian's Wedding Etiquette - A bridal veil made of window screen is not only cost effective but also a proven fly deterrent. A leisure suit with a cummerbund and a clean bowling shirt can create a natty appearance. Though uncomfortable, say yes to socks and shoes for this special occasion. Its is not okay for the groom to bring a date to a wedding. Livestock is usually a poor choice for a wedding gift. When dancing, never remove undergarments, no matter how hot it is. - Texian's Etiquette for All Occasions - Always identify people in your yard before shooting at them. Always provide an alibi to the police for family members. Even if you're certain that you are included in the will, it's considered tacky to drive a U-Haul to the funeral home. It's considered tacky to take a cooler to church. Never take a beer to a job interview or ask if they press charges. I have modified both documents based on Joan's comments. I trust that you will get them distributed to the proper parties. Thanks, Jay Ellen, I received your voice mail and your email this morning. I made each of the changes from your email to the two contract documents. Please review and if acceptable, please start the execution process by printing two originals of each document. Attached please find the first draft of the proposed confidentiality agreement between ena and midcoast. Please read paragraph 7 together with the definition of Proposed Transaction in the first paragraph to determine if you think the language is sufficient to cover us. Russell, Please review the attached draft of the draft Enfolio Master Firm Purchase/Sale Agreement which has been drafted based on Exxon's comments as necessary changes before they will allow the Mobil plant to schedule gas under the terms of the October 1, 1995 Agreement. I have merely incorporated the credit language that was used in the October 1, 1995 agreement into this agreement and have attempted to make the other changes that Exxon was requesting. Question, is the parent company still Mobil Corp. Do you still agree with the prior credit requirements as provided in the October 1, 1995 agreement, and if not, please provide me with your updated requirements as early as possible this morning so that I can incorporate into the agreement prior to presenting it to them for further negotiation later today.