Firm Purchase Sale Agreement and once it is signed then a confirm can be issued to cover the proposed transaction however, if you want us to work on the confirm, please send us a hard copy of deal ticket. Please send out confirm at your earliest convenience. Thanks, Jay Please send hard copy of deal ticket. Otherwise, I think the worksheet is incomplete. Please complete and include with hard copy of deal ticket. Has the counterparty requested an Enron Corp guaranty as a condition of doing the deal? Q81949 - Superman Resources All - Please refer to the attached credit worksheet for terms to be included within the confirmation of trade Q81949 Superman Resources. Please let me know if you have any questions. Thanks, Jay Kevin, As we discussed, here are the changes I feel need to be made to the form before Enron North America Corp. This Agreement shall be effective upon its execution and shall continue in full force and effect through December 31, 2000. The parties agree that time is of the essence in this Agreement. 2 If Vector fails to purchase and receive from Seller the quantity of gas required to be purchased and received by it under Article 3. 1 for any reason other than the occurrence of an event of Force Majeure, Vector shall indemnify Seller and shall be liable to pay Seller an amount equal to the difference between the price that would have been paid to Seller and the Gas Daily low price, set forth in Gas Daily under the heading "Daily Price Survey" under the listing applicable to Chicago and using the low price in the range of prices published for the day that Vector failed to perform multiplied by the volume Vector failed to purchase and receive from Seller for such day. Add the following language at the end of 9. For breach of any provision for which an express remedy or measure of damages is herein provided, such express remedy or measure of damages shall be the sole and exclusive remedy hereunder. If no remedy or measure of damages is expressly herein provided, the obligor's liability shall be limited to direct actual damages only, such direct actual damages shall be the sole and exclusive remedy hereunder and all other remedies or damages at law or in equity are waived. Unless expressly herein provided, neither party shall be liable for consequential, incidental, punitive, exemplary or indirect damages, lost profits or other business interruption damages, in tort, contract, under any indemnity provision or otherwise. Add the following Seller's information in 10. Documentation and Deal Clearing Desk Facsimile No. I assume that is the only change you made to the agreement I drafted last night. Gregg, I talked with Ellen Dailey, Reliant's attorney, yesterday. As soon as I hear from Russell Diamond, I will finalize the contract and sent to you and to Reliant. Stacy, The Reliant Energy changes which Ellen Dailey sent to you in August appeared in my chair this morning. I had discussed the Enovate/Reliant changes with Ellen yesterday and we resolved most of the language except for the items I noted as being Credit Dept calls, which Russell has yet to respond to. Therefore, I will create a red-line and send back to Ellen next week, if Russell responds to my earlier emails and to this email. Unit Agreement covering the Bammel Gas Unit, Harris County, Texas, entered into as of the 1st day of January, 1966 by Houston Natural Gas Production Company, called Operator, and other subscribers, namely, H. Robinson, Individually, and as Trustee of the Clayton M. Harrell Trust, and as Executor or the Estate of William Ehrhardt Carlyle W. Urban as Trustee of the Harrell 1963 Trust Werner G. Hamill Doris Key as Attorney-in-Fact for John Fred Bahr R. Smith Letitia Zapp Morgan Floyd Williams, et ux Paul Kautz, et ux Howard key, et ux Garland Wilson, et ux Ernest S. Sears, et ux Doris Key, Individually and Ella Koinm. First Amendment of Unit Agreement was executed by Houston Natural Gas Production Company on November 22, 1966 providing for additional escalation in the Minimum Volumes of Dry Gas from the Unitized Formation, as provided in Paragraph 6. 4 of the Unit Agreement, effective after the 25th calendar year. The Second and Third Amendments of Unit Agreement expanded the acreage covered by the Unit Agreement from 6,979. I do not have copies of these 2 amendments. At approximately the same point in time Houston Natural Gas Production Company conveyed an undivided 50 interest in the Unitized Formation to Houston Pipe Line Company.