Petrofina Gas Pipeline Company Dan, I need your help with this confirmation please. It is a buyback, which we currently don't confirm. However we have had a request to send a confirmation out this time and I guess going forward we should confirm these deals. We haven't got a template, but I've put something together I want you to look at and especially where it's highlighted in red, we need some legal language. Please have a look and let me know what you think or if you need more information, please contact me. Petrofina Gas Pipeline Company Dan, I'm very impressed with your prompt reply - thank you ! Can we use this as a template for further buyback confirmations ? Please review the attached modified documents to see if it correctly reflects the deal. Petrofina Gas Pipeline Company Dan, I need your help with this confirmation please. It is a buyback, which we currently don't confirm. However we have had a request to send a confirmation out this time and I guess going forward we should confirm these deals. We haven't got a template, but I've put something together I want you to look at and especially where it's highlighted in red, we need some legal language. Please have a look and let me know what you think or if you need more information, please contact me. Attached please find the modified Transaction Agreement which has been revised to reflect the matters you discussed earlier today. I modified the third item relating to prior approval by Ormet of incremental costs to cover the situation that such transportation or supply becomes unavailable during the period Enron is obtaining Ormet's prior approval. Dave, I expect to be available most of the day on Tuesday and Wednesday. 36895 to make sure I am not out or in a meeting before you come up. Enfolio Contract Hello Dan, I'm going to be in Houston next week and I wonder if you might have a few minutes that I could stop by and speak with you about my Kaiser gas deal. Please let me know if there might be a good time on Tuesday or Wednesday. Sample Enfolio Contract Form Attached Dave, I have attached the above sample form for your review. I have been unable to find any documentation where we act as an agent for the shipper and contractually agree to remarket their unused capacity. As soon as I find some language, I will forward same to you. As we discussed, the major concerns that I have concerning the Energy Marketing Services Agreement form that Kaiser provided relates to the duties of the Marketer thereunder. Therefore, we need to work from our Enfolio contract and I will get you some agency language for the confirm to address how we would share any transportation savings that we were able to obtain for them during the term of our sales transaction with them. Please call me after you have had a chance to review the contract. Both of the above documents have been updated. If any additional changes are needed, please advise. Send me the contract so that I can determine if we guaranteed no free liquids. Engineered Carbons/Ameripol Synpol I was informed of a situation where Ameripol was receiving liquids in our gas. They claim they suffered losses of 180,000 in equipment and product damage. Please let me know what happened Gary and Dan what damages they could collect. Thanks, Gary Leslie, I have reviewed the product descriptions for the natural gas products on Dynegydirect and they appear to be standard descriptions which should be easily understood by our traders. As such, I am comfortable with such descriptions. DynegyDirect Product Approvals Please notify both me and Sheri Thomas via e-mail as soon as you are comfortable with the product descriptions for your respective commodities on Dynegydirect so that Sheri can set up the respective traders to trade via DynegyDirect. Sheri has been receiving calls from traders anxious to use the system. Is this what you are talking about. If so, I prepared this amendment so that we could get out of a bad trading position. The customer had the right to use first of the month pricing on volume swings. I believe that Lee Papayoti did the deal. Gary Chapman with Union Carbide indicated that the deal is done, however, we are waiting on signatures. Do you know anything about an extension done 12/27/00 on deal with Union Carbide Corp. Please review the suggested modifications to be made to the previously sent confirmations for the above parties with regard to volumes to be processed at the Lowry Gas Plant in Cameron Parish, Louisiana. If you agree, please have revised confirmations issued that would be in place of the previously sent confirmations. Please note that I only made changes to the price and quantity to reflect the deal as reviewed with Nelson Ferries and Charlie Otto. Kim, Please review the attached confirmation letter to see if it correctly reflects your transaction.