I have also attached a clean copy which accepted all of the redline changes. If acceptable, please print 2 originals of the clean copy, have them signed, fax me a copy of the signed signature page at 7136463490, and mail the two signed originals to me. Once I receive the faxed signature page, I will let Jennifer know so that she can have any subsequent transactions entered into pursuant to the terms of this contract. Please call me at 7138536895 if you have any questions. Here are the revised documents in both clean and marked form. I made the requested change in the Term section. That section defines a Early Termination as any termination prior to the end of 3 contract years. As such no change was needed to the Buyer's Contract section. Please call if you need anything further. Here are the revised documents in both clean and marked form. I made the requested change in the Term section. That section defines a Early Termination as any termination prior to the end of 3 contract years. As such no change was needed to the Buyer's Contract section. Please call if you need anything further. Thanks, Dan Molly, When you brought me the resumes last week, you indicated that you had screened certain of the applicants and that Janette had certain ideals concerning the group. Griffin She is the current temp that is filling in for this position. Martinez Enron employee whose group has been disbanded. Esmeralda Gonzales I believe that Mary Cook has talked to her on more than one occasion. Denise Keauquier Maggie Valles Mary Lou Browder Enron employee whose group has been disbanded. Additionally, Travis McCullough has been lobbying for us to talk to the temp that is currently filling the position for which he has hired his old secretary. If the foregoing list is okay, we would like to start the interview process Wednesday afternoon. I have suggested to Harry and Carlos, that we jointly interview each applicant. If this is acceptable, I will obtain access to a conference room for this purpose. Please let me know if there are any problems relating to anyone on the above list. Thanksgiving is set at Mom's for Thursday, November 23, 2000 at noon. Maybe its the fact that her job has been cut back and she feels that she has no outside activities to occupy her mind. Seller does hereby appoint Cutter Oil Company as its agent and third party representative under the Contract the "Seller's Representative" and does hereby authorize such Seller's Representative to give and receive all notices, to make and witness any tests to be made of the gas and measuring equipment and adjustments to such equipment to receive statements for gas delivered or to be paid for hereunder to make and receive any and all pipeline nominations for gas to be delivered hereunder to receive and receipt for payments made or to be made to give and receive changes on quantities of gas to be delivered to furnish Buyer allocations upon which Buyer may make any and all payments due Seller to adjust any mechanical difference that may arise between Buyer and Seller with respect to measurements, billing and payments made or to be made, the allowance of credits and any undercharge or overcharge with respect to such difference and to otherwise perform Seller's obligations under the Contract. Concerning, Vanessa Griffin, yes, please check with Janette. Both Carlos and Harry are pleased with her work. I also have Mary Lou Browder's resume and can fax it to you if you would like. Grant, I have incorporated the language you provided to me in the attached document. I have reviewed the proposed draft resolution. Once the contract is fully executed, I will return one fully executed original to you for the City's file. 2001-012abrcrfm is the redline version of the proposed Transaction Agreement which has been changed to provide that Westvaco is to only provide alternative delivery point information to Company when Westvaco receives volumes through such points which should have been received from Company. 2001-012abcrfm is the clean version of the above redlined Transaction Agreement. George, I would suggest that the necessary language be added to the Special Conditions block of the Transaction Confirmation. I would suggest the following language be inserted in each applicable Transaction Confirmation. 