These values should correlate with how credit valued these deals. The file consists of a summary worksheet for each month and a detail worksheet for each month. Please feel free to call, or have Homer call, with any questions that you have. Physical deals totalled 5,441,280. This is correct. Please review the following deals in tagg stage and let me know if this is correct. We will be more than happy to provide assistance, if needed. If you approve, we will place this logic into production this evening after trading. If this does not look correct or if you have any further questions, please contact Dawn 3-9353 or Tara 3-4523. Dawn The previous two nights I have attempted to split out the Positions and P L as we discussed. I now feel confident in the Positions part of this process Mike's swaps in the Exotic book, new blotters, etc.. The P L portion of the process has been significantly more difficult, but after working through last night , I will have the P L completely split out by the end of today. Susan Scott will send you another file for the Options book. Please call with any questions, Errol I am aware we have several pending items outstanding with Crosstimbers. I am awaiting instructions from Charlie Otto, as he is negotiating/discussing the deals with Crosstimbers. I just wanted to give you an update and let you know I have not forgottem about them. I understand you are having some trouble getting into the view on the sample option trade from this morning. Please verify that these are correct and let either Dawn and Tara or myself know. Gas Daily deals in dispute The following deals are being disputed by Reliant Energy Services. Q21523 Hey, man would you let me know when it is done? Please call me when the migration is finished. The deals that are done online today will be manually switched to the new book by us. Congratulations on your promotion Congratulations on your recent promotion. I am glad to see that you are doing well. Shannon, I am in the process of cleaning up the February folder. I will call you as soon as I have it done. Tonight is the first night we are using the new book. I have not heard anything back regarding the January variance since I left you the voice mail. Since there were so many deals we did not put comments in the deals. Hey Johnelle, It's great to here from you again. I manage the group responsible for all of the natural gas financial trading risk management. I've been here for a little over a year now. It's a great job and company, but the hours are unbelievable! I'm afraid to ask --- how old is Janna now? When you tell me, I'm going to feel really old!