Do you have a list of companies that are trading with us? I still have some queries that I can run from my risk days. 2 The 338,955 for the Vitro Corprativo deal will be granted tonight. 50 each were granted to Mexico, but I don't think they belong to us. Please let me know if you are responsible for this deal. I will be in Monterrey from Wednesday through Friday but will be checking my voicemails e-mails periodically, so please feel free to contact me. Jeremy, John and I really need to meet Tuesday for about 30min-1hr with you Dave and Sanjeev, so that we can better understand how the options are being calc'd in the system. We thought we had a pretty good idea after talking on Friday, but tonight we see that we don't. John is about one half million dollars off every night in his prediction of the P/L for Mike's book, and we're afraid our position might not be correct as well. The reason for the large Vega numbers on the TopPage report, while there were no corresponding changes in the Volatility curves, is due to the change in the mid. The corresponding volatility skews that are added to the vols. Option value for prior day using prior day's vol. If you have any questions please call me at X5-8274. Thank you for the coupon. Unfortunately the link in the e-mail is not working, so I can't get to the part of the website to print off the coupon. Could you resend this e-mail to me please. is pleased to announce their participation in the 2001 March of Dimes WalkAmerica Campaign. Many Bubbles employees have volunteered their time and effort to help raise funds for this worthy cause and participate in WalkAmerica on Sunday April 29, 2001. In an effort to assist this years "Clean Team" , Bill and Kathy Lawrence have generously offered to donate 3. 00 of every Ultimate Car Wash Package 29. To participate, please print and bring in the Helping Bubbles Help Babies certificate available at the link below. Featuring some of our most popular a la carte services combined to bring you a great new package designed to make your Audi A4 look great in no time! Your Easter Extreme Clean includes A Bubbles Hand Wash, Wheel Magic Tire Dressing, Interior Doors Dash Dressing Complete Exterior Dressing all for only 24. That's over a 30 savings off the individual prices! Just print out the certificate and bring it to any Bubbles Location April 14th - April 21st, 2001. Even the Easter Bunny can't beat that deal! jpg You are welcome to print several certificates to give to family and friends! Do you know someone that might enjoy receiving Bubbles Email specials? houston open I have extra tickets for the Houston Open if you guys want them. Sue, I am sending you this e-mail because I received your voice message well after you left it today. I reviewed the text files that are sent out by the book administrators on my desks and none of them contain any deals booked to the counterparty El Paso Gas Marketing. All of the deals from people on my desk are booked to the valid El Paso counterparty per our conversations. I will be out of the office tomorrow, but I will be checking my voicemail frequently and communicating with my group. If the same problem arises tomorrow, please call me so that we can discuss, because there has to be some other explanation for the erroneous counterparty showing up on your report.