At your earliest convenience, could you please provide the applicable deal ticket and confirmation for each of the following deals? 274 , and E the December Management P L Top Page. 68680 Shannon, Please disregard first e-mail. I have all the info you are looking for at my desk. Give me a call if you have any questions. Attached is the end of year review and performance agreement for Sherry Dawson. Also attached are the reviews for the rest of group I lead. I'm not sure if you need the reviews for the rest of the group, but I attached them anyway. I have printed out a forwards detail of deals N60753. These were internal unwinds of a deal already in the book. At your earliest convenience, could you please provide the applicable deal ticket and confirmation for each of the following deals? 274 , and E the December Management P L Top Page. 68680 Maurice and Demetrius are doing great, and they just found out that they're pregnant! My dad is still working --- I think they are going to have to drag him out kicking and screaming. It is nice to catch up and see what your doing. Each time I call you back, the phone goes to cover and there is no message, so I can't leave you a message. Could you let me know when it is changed? This is the reason Sherry and Amy have to flip out deals everyday. The counterparty would let John/Mike know and then they would tell us. John would let them change those deals too. Because of the timing there was a P/L impact of - 1. When John saw this today he asked me what it was, I explained, and he stated that what they click on is what they get. I relayed this to settlements and credit and that is why Kim is calling you b/c Reliant and Utilicorp are 'upset'. Frank, After looking the packet over in detail, I found the questions to be a great tool, especially the ones aimed at the 'soft skills'. Previously when interviewing people I always struggled for a way to ask these type of questions legally and ethically. I think the packet also will aid in my organization and will keep the interview moving at an efficient pace. Let me know as soon as possible when you can do Sherry's review and the others as well, so I can get with Liz to schedule something that works for everyone. They want the regular ones to be done by the end of next week, and Sherry's has to be done by Jan 19, 2001. This morning it was discovered that a portion of John Arnold's Gas Daily position was being captured incorrectly as a February fixed price position instead of a February Index position. I am currently working on the problem and the positions will be captured correctly tonight. John is aware of the situation and has stated that V R does not need to be re-run.