Did you say that we have already received a check back from the counterparty? Let me know, b/c this deal has price and basis and I'm sure the desk that had the basis risk wants the money owed them. I'll be there. Irena We got Irena a day at the spa during the week. And for those of you that are here on Friday, I would like to take her to lunch as well. Please call me at 713-345-8274 if you have any questions. Please find attached the file that Dawn sent to me. John, Could you do me a big favor. Sherry has been really working hard and doing a good job. Do you think that you could talk with one of your contacts and get her a pair of Rockets tickets. I know they are a playing the Clippers tommorrow night. I know that no one else wants to see the Clippers, but she's never been to a game and would really appreciate it. Everything looks correct, except for Friday, November 23, 2001. Truong had this day listed as a holiday. is still working on a fix for the Gas Daily curves. I will let you know when we have something from them. I let them know this was a time sensitive issue. Please let me know when they have been revised. Derek Homer, I just left you a voicemail regarding the natsource study. We have been able to pull in the basis and price curves, but we are having trouble getting the gas daily curves for June to come in correctly. Email me and let me know where I can save a file out to you with the curves we do have. I really appreciate the offer. Sorry for the delay in responding - things have been a little crazy. I would like to accept the tickets for myself. Dutch is on vacation and I have left him a voicemail asking if he's is interested. I will give you a call a little later in the day when things settle down. April Overage The overage for April is completed. Attached are excel files for the different subsidiaries. Each file has a tab for the swap position and the option position. For the options I have added an auto filter at the top of the file so you can sort by strike price. I apologize for the delay, but I was trying to drop the info into an appropriate format. Let me know if you get three files -- one for each subsidiary. That was the only way I could send them out. Could you please tell me how the process is moving along and when I will be able to access it. Jeff Gosset, attached is yesterday's natural gas curve. Please call me with any questions that you have. Test deals for your review The tagg team has made some changes to the bridge. Please review the following deals in tagg stage and let me know if they meet to your approval. Dutch Quigley was spearheading the effort with H. Dutch has moved on to a new group and is currently on vacation. If you could, please send me Joseph's Social Security number, so that we can get him set up with phones, computers, etc. Also, who is my main contact in H. with regards to job postings, receiving resume's, interviewing, hiring, etc.