Assistants Day Assistants day is Wednesday. If you guys have any ideas for Elizabeth or Irena let me know. Thanks Let me know as soon as possible when you can do Sherry's review and the others as well, so I can get with Liz to schedule something that works for everyone. They want the regular ones to be done by the end of next week, and Sherry's has to be done by Jan 19, 2001. Thanks -- I know it's a pain, Errol Dawne, I looked at the Gas Daily swaps and they look good. Test deals for your review The tagg team has made some changes to the bridge. Please review the following deals in tagg stage and let me know if they meet to your approval. April Overage The overage for April is completed. Irena We got Irena a day at the spa during the week. And for those of you that are here on Friday, I would like to take her to lunch as well. The book in question was officialized this morning and has zero 0 value. Shannon, Please disregard first e-mail. Attached is a forwards detail of a Sithe deal from 1993. Let me know if this is the deal you were looking for. I'm sorry, but disregard the first message I sent. I'm still working to find a deal like your requested. Thanks, Errol Frank, After looking the packet over in detail, I found the questions to be a great tool, especially the ones aimed at the 'soft skills'. Previously when interviewing people I always struggled for a way to ask these type of questions legally and ethically. I think the packet also will aid in my organization and will keep the interview moving at an efficient pace. The seats we had were on the floor behind the basket on the visiting team's side of the court. We were all drinking and acting a fool so the cameraman put us up on the big screen. A few of us went out after the game, so I am pretty tired today. Being the alcoholic that I am, you know I couldn't just have one drink ha ha. I just wanted to catch you before you left Be careful, and I'll talk to you tonite. We are double checking our head count to make sure that we will be ready for the people attending the presentation. If you would, please reply to this email with a yes or a no to indicate your intentions of attending this enymex presentation. com Bruce, Please launch the attached file to see a list of deals with the counterparty GiroTondo Corp that need to changed as noted in the attachment. Please reply and let me know if you are available to discuss the Utility Track for the 2 new Analysts that will join your group this summer. We need to identify responsibilities the analysts could have at each desk. Heather, Attached is an Excel file containg deals with Dow over the last three years.