Sun, beach, drinks, party and scuba Not necessarily in that order. Yes, you are still very young and don't let anybody tell you otherwise. When you join the business world, you will be fighting the image that you are too young to be taken seriously. You will have to give me the full rundown on exactly how wild that tradition is. Are you moving back to Katy for the summer? School, work, etc. Take care and talk to you later. Yea, I figured that is what had happened. My e-mail was full and bounced back a lot of messages. People around here think that I am an oldie. I tell them that I may be old in school, but young in the business world. A friend from Houston came and visited me on Fri. We went to the Chicken to watch a friend dunk here ring. It's a wild one that I have to admit I participated in myself. I tried to email you a couple of times last week, but they wouldn't go through for some reason. I will be completing the Agency Agreement this afternoon and will forward to you. Also I faxed the corporate data sheet for the company to you yesterday. Mark, Attached is the supplement to the Gas Letter for your review. We need to forward this for her review as well. Sorry about the way I left last night, but I needed to leave abruptly or I felt I would have lost it even more. This is a very difficult time in my life. However, I want you to know that you are a very special person to me. The more I get to know you the more I realize that we are very similar is so many ways and I think that is why we hit it off so well so very quickly. I wish I could throw everything I have into a relationship with you, but right now there is just too much anger, mistrust, and hurt in my emotions to allow that. All of these feelings result purely from a person I was so close with and trusted so dearly and who treated me worse than I could have imagined. These feelings have nothing to do with you and I am sure you likely don't understand it all fully. I fear I am making a big mistake, because I know you won't be available long. You have so much to offer, beautiful, intelligent, funny, and someone who can give as much to a relationship as you need from a relationship. All of these qualities made it so very easy to be taken with you when we orginally met. When I started sensing some of my destructive emotions, I freaked out because I knew we were becoming very close and it pained me to realize that I would hurt you. So I completely pulled back, thinking I should cut it now than risk making it harder in the future. Believe me, it is not easy to stay away from you, because even though we have only known each other a short time, I miss you and think about you a lot. It would be hard to still see you and know you were dating others because I know I would react strongly as you witnessed at Senor Frogs that night. My kidding you about Lee, I will have to admit, also shows my insecurity about that. Mexico was so wonderful, because except for that one night I was able to put all of those emotions out of my mind and just focus on you. I think that is why we had such a great time. Cynthia, when we were together on that trip, I felt a lightness that I haven't felt in a long time. You looked so beautiful and sexy in that swimsuit by the bar, and it was all about us and nothing else. I have been through it enough to know that reality of my situation creeps back eventually. Cynthia you are such a great person and even just typing this note I feel like crying. Sometimes fate is a wonderful thing and sometimes it feels like a cruel joke. I think the timing of our meeting was ill fated. I know we will talk to and see each other again but I know it will be different now. As much as I want to hold on to you, I know its stupid to attempt to keep you close and yet at some distance. You have are too smart and have too much to offer to put up with that. Please know that I do have genuine feelings for you and I miss you. Gerald Melissa, I wasn't able to redline this version, but I added sections 10 and 11 and added futher language to Sections 3 and 6. Hopefully you can redline it against your old version. Let me know what you think about environmental indemnity language. I think is is prudent from the view that Black Hills and has been using the Premises for some time and we are not sure what is out there. I hope you didn't operate any heavy machinery afterwards. I guess you won't be at this email address for awhile. Keep in touch and give me call if you get a chance when you settle down in Katy. Attached is the agreement with my changes and comments included. I couldn't get it to redline for some reason.