It will be interesting to see if I catch my flight or if I have to delay it some. I was watching the weather channel and it appears that it will be pretty cold up there. I enjoy traveling every once in a while for a change of pace. The guys I work with up there are fun, so that makes the work go alot easier. The research project is going well, except that a lot of the articles we need have to be ordered because our libraries do not carry the journals. Tomorrow we have a big meeting with my prof to come up with an outline for the project, so things should really start falling into place pretty soon. I will be volunteering for the Health-for-all clinics Health Educator we have to volunteer for one of my classes. I will be helping diabetics and people with high blood pressure plan their diet and physical activity schedule. I'm pretty excited, but still need to read up on nutrition since I am a little rusty. I wasn't too big on the skiing thing, but I did enjoy the scenery. Do you like that you have to travel every once in a while for your job? I would think that it would be nice to get out of Houston every once in a while. It almost sounded like it was hailing for a minute, but I don't think it did. On a lighter note, have fun on your trip! I'm not so sure about the Nobel Prize thing, but hey. This deal is scheduled to close Thursday morning and then a I catch a flight to Denver Thursday afternoon. I have been putting the guys off in our Denver office for some time so I will be busy with them all day Friday and then a flight back to Houston on Saturday. Denver is a cool town, so it should be fun on Friday night. Any major breakthroughs in the health area. Remember me when you win the Nobel Prize! Gerald Hi Katie, Yes I am back in town. Sorry I wasn't able to return your email yesterday. It has just been crazy around here and I am leaving for San Antonio tommorrow and will be out the rest of the week for the Enron Legal Conference. The place sounds pretty relaxing, so it should be fun. Slight delay in the flight, but not due to weather. It was snowing pretty hard when I arrived. Kinda nice to be around some actual cold weather for a change. Worked all day Friday and stayed with some friends Sat. Wish I had time to go up to the mountains for skiing. The first time I went I hated it, but as you get better it really becomes a lot of fun. Last time I went last March I tried snowboarding. It was a lot of work to learn a new snow sport. It was cool after I got the hang of it, except for dislocating my shoulder. Sounds like ya'll had a good time at Northgate. I hate it when friends take you out and get you drunk. That seems to happen to me occasionally. This time change does make for a rough week. Just a little later for work than usual. If you get a chance, I'd really like to take you to dinner sometime. 1999 Survival Guide for Taking a Dump at Work We've all been there but don't like to admit it. We've all kicked back in our cubicles and suddenly felt something a brew down below. As much as we try to convince ourselves who hate pooping at work as much as I do, I give you the 1999 Survival Guide for Taking a Dump at Work. Memorize these definitions and pooping at work will become a pure pleasure. A fart that slips out while taking a leak at the urinal or forcing poop in a stall. This is similar to the hot flash you receive when passing an unseen police car and speeding. If you release an escapee, do not acknowledge it. If you are standing next to the farter at the urinal, pretend that you did not hear it. No one likes an escapee, it is uncomfortable for all involved. Making a joke or laughing makes both parties feel uneasy. When forcing poop, several farts slip out at a machine guns pace. This is usually a side effect of diarrhea or a hangover. If this should happen do not panic, remain in the stall until everyone has left the bathroom so to spare everyone the awkwardness of what just occurred. The act of flushing the toilet the instant the nose cone of the poop log hits the water and the poop is whisked away to an undisclosed location. This reduces the amount of air time the poop has to stink up the bathroom. Walking from the stall, to the sink, to the door after you have just stunk-up the bathroom. This can be a very uncomfortable moment if someone walks in. As with all farts, it is best to pretend that the smell does not exist. A colleague who poops at work and is damn proud of it. You will often see an Out of the Closet Pooper enter the bathroom with a newspaper or magazine under their arm. Always look around the office for the Out of the Closet pooper before entering the bathroom. A group of coworkers who band together to ensure emergency pooping goes off without incident. A seldom used bathroom somewhere in the building where you can least expect visitors. Try floors that are predominantly of the opposite sex. This will reduce the odds of a pooper of your sex entering the bathroom.