I'm not talking about the company's pending 200 million bet on an Internet outfit called Teligent. That's pocket change to a business managing more than 11 billion in assets. This was Saturday afternoons in the fall. This was perky cheerleaders flying through the air, and high-stepping marching bands. On this autumn Saturday afternoon in Austin, the University of Texas Longhorns led powerful Nebraska with only a few minutes on the clock at Darrell K Royal-Texas Memorial Stadium, the team's newly renovated home. The Cornhuskers, perennial national title contenders, were big-bully conference rivals and ranked third in the nation, while the young Longhorns were like clumsy calves still finding their legs under second-year coach Mack Brown. Hicks is a proud and generous alum Texas Exes, they're called , and he's deep into this Hook 'em Horns thing. Two years ago he flew athletic director DeLoss Dodds to North Carolina on his private plane to woo Brown to Austin personally, and he regularly counsels the coach on management matters. He also advised Dodds about pricing, financing, and amenities when Texas built 66 posh private suites at the stadium before last season. In October he hosted a charity golf tournament in Dallas during the raucous Texas-Oklahoma weekend to benefit the school's sports programs. So it's understandable that he was a bit on edge at the Nebraska game, hosting a couple of dozen friends, relatives, and business associates in one of the glitzy new suites high above the field at the Nebraska game. Wearing a Longhorn burnt-orange shirt and surrounded by enough ice-cream bars and shrimp to satisfy an offensive line, Hicks was anxious and animated. The University of Texas athletic program is at a pretty intriguing place in college sports. With a surging young football team at its core, it is one of the most successful college athletic programs in the country, and I'm not just talking about wins and losses. This is a multimillion-dollar enterprise that operates more like a solid business than a renegade campus outfit. To determine how they do it, I went back to school this fall and asked to take a close look at the books. What I found was an operation that balances the athletic department's educational responsibilities with fiscal discipline at a time when the costs of running a big-time athletic program are surging and most college athletic programs are in the red. I found a place where football pays the bills. Among the beneficiaries of big-time football is a women's sports program that could be a model for gender equity. In fact, at the University of Texas, the football Longhorns are Grade A cash cows. Athletics officials credit the team with generating a staggering 80 of the department's 45. That's 36 million from tickets, individual donations, rights fees, sponsorships, hot dogs, beer, and other sources. The athletic department operates much like a self-contained corporation, separate and apart from the rest of the university. More than 80,000 of them meet in the stadium in Austin on Saturdays in the fall, and they grade every move Mack Brown makes. Think chasing quarterly expectations is brutal? Try putting the success of your company in the hands of a bunch of 18- to 22-year-olds. Try answering Buck from Muleshoe, Texas, on a weekly call-in talk show after losing a 23-point lead in the fourth quarter. Of course, the whole thing is complicated by the fact that while a major-college athletic program must be managed with the diligence of a public company, athletic directors don't have the luxury of shutting down unprofitable businesses--at most schools that would be every sport save football and men's basketball. And those well-paid football coaches, quite simply, must win. "If we were a business, we wouldn't have any sport but football, and we would generate a heck of a profit," says Dodds, who is among the nation's most respected athletic directors. We take the money we generate from football and use it to provide opportunities for other kids. Then we try to balance what we want to accomplish inside the institution with what folks outside the institution want us to do. " For more than a quarter-century, one of the most difficult challenges for college sports has been finding a place for women. The requirement forced athletic departments to essentially double their operations, which helped spark the overall growth in college sports. So whatever you think about the emphasis on college football, hey, it pays for women's soccer, okay? The Texas athletic department's budget is among the largest in the nation-- 41. 2 million for fiscal 1999, which ended in August. That category was exceeded only by private gifts, which totaled an impressive 21 million. Other significant income categories included suite-lease revenue 3.