I've lost the edge Maverick, I am holding on too tight! They should be good to move forward with discussion. I forwarded your picture to Eric and your little comment about you wanting to join Quiet Riot has sent shockwaves through the members of Monkey Pump. First of all, you haven't even been voted into the band yet seems the chances are getting less likely with you already shopping your skills on the market and now you already discussing new ventures. Secondly, Monkey Pump is not a stepping stone. "Monkey Pump was on its way, they were only 5 years away from their first album, but little did they know that the person who they weren't even really sure they wanted to be their lead singer, already had other designs on reviving a heavy metal icon from long ago. When we return on behind the music " Eric and I will discuss this and get back with you. In the meantime we had better not see you at any photo ops with Poison or Warrant. Greg, Attached is a clean and redlined version of the Gateway Interconnect Agreement. Please review before forwarding to Pace to make sure the ownership concept is in accordance with your negotiations. Please call me if you have any questions and I will forward the Rio Nogales later today. Attached is the letter agreement we discussed. If Kern didn't like the fact that we are receiving assignment from 3 or 4 other shippers, they might withhold consent if they thought we were superceding their bid procedures. Not sure if they would, but it is a risk. If the assignment is done after the producer executes the firm transport agreement, Kern could require to capacity to be released via capacity release at max rate. I took a stab at the mark-to-market calculation. I am forwarding a phone number of a consulting company that produces maps which show all pipeline in Texas sorted by county. This might be a good place to start to find the pipeline you described in your voice mail to Steve. The map will generally show where the pipeline runs, but it is depicted at more of a macro level. I have made some revisions to the latest drafts of the letter agreement and your cover letter. As I noted earlier, Barry indicated he had some language that he wanted to revise concerning the mark to market. I have not been able to contact him yet. So unless Mark and Barry have talked, probably need to hold these until you or I hear from Barry. Also, if we are going to do any of these transaction with a Canadian party, Peter Keohane and Eric Ledain need to comment on this form. I have sent them an earlier version and I am copying them here. I again want to reiterate, that if the assignment takes place after the firm transport agreements are signed, Kern could require the assignment to be done via the capacity release bidding procedures of their tariff. I noticed that one of the packages is less than 1 year in term. This means it could also be bid up in excess of max rate. Anything over 1 year could only be bid to max rate. Probably need to discuss this with Mark. Do you have addresses and fax numbers for these counterparties? We plan on convening and 8 am central time to review and finalize. Got in a little late, but still here nonetheless. I am checking to see if anybody is up for tonight and I should know later this afternoon. I know we really need to have more drinks, its been so long. Talked to Eric this morning and they would leave on June 6 and return on June 16. I need to make sure this works with my work schedule. Just wanted to see if you got to work okay! Guess who was up in our studios this morning Yep, you guessed it Deblah Morgan. She is actually a really young singer and she is more on the Hip Hop side of the music business. Anyway, I actually would have never known who she was unless someone had told me. So, what are you thinking about tonight. Do you want to see if Eric and Jenn and David and whoever else want to meet downtown at Salintes? Also, were you being serious about China? I really would consider it, but I need to get more details about dates, etc. I actually think that would be so much fun. Attached is the Transco guaranty with further revisions. The following items of note were revised. Transco added language stating that this is a performance guaranty. Enron will only provide a payment guaranty. Thus the language needs to clearly identify that this is a payment guaranty. As long as Transco gets paid for the transport, I am not sure why this matters. Transco would be able to collect interest for late payments under their tariff. Putting late payment interest in the guaranty would give Transco the ability to recover double interest on late payments. Thus, the interest language in the guaranty was removed.