Confidentiality Agreements Jere, I have the confidentiality agreements fully executed on our side. What is your address, so I can forward to you for execution by Tri-State. I have reviewed the Oneok Westex Transmission Agreement. The only comment I have is that the daily balance cashout requirements in Section F of the General Terms and Conditions seem very burdensome. This is really a business call, but the 5 tolerance or cashout everyday might be difficult to maintain. I will leave that to you to decide Stacey. Attached is a clean and redlined version of the Capacity Assignment and Release doc. The redline has Calpine changes in light purple with Enron's changes is red. Stephanie, I did not resend the revised confirm which I sent earlier today. since the revised version I sent this morning. I have been able to described my symptoms to her before and she usually calls in a prescription for me Antibiotics or similar. Sounds like you had a lot of good opportunities. I think you will learn a lot by trading which will make you a better originator if you ever want to go back to origination. Gerald - I am sorry that I didn't call this weekend. I know we have a lot to talk about, but I have been sick all weekend and honestly couldn't face the stuff we have to face on top of it all. I am still feeling ill, but was going crazy at home. I don't know what I have, but I hope you don't get it. I decided to take the methanol job and stay in Global Markets, so my days are going to be decidedly busier. Maybe we can get together for lunch later in the week to discuss how to move forward. I am sorry to do this over email, but as always it is difficult to talk at my desk. Let me know what your schedule looks like this week and we'll work something out. Miss you, Lisa Just wanted to drop you a note and let you know I made it back safe and sound from Spain. When is everyone coming in for the holiday? Attached is a clean and redlined version with my changes. I added back the limitation on damage provision I originally had. We need to be clear that the remedies specified in the amendment are the only remedies. Changed both Seller and Buyer Minimum Volume Obligations to be consistent with each other. The amendment for the Powder River contract should reflect the same. Attached is the revised letter based on Chris' voicemail on Friday. Please review and let me know if you have any questions. Note that we still need to legal entity's name from the South America office. The only place on the Pacific side I have been to is Cabo. Most people that have been to Acapulco really like it though. Don't worry about the end of the evening. Strange things always happen at 6 am after we have been up all night. If not, send me your address and I'll drop a check in the mail to you since I'll be out of town much of the rest of the year. Speaking of which, have you ever been to Acapulco? Cyndi and I are going there for Christmas. If you've been, let me know if you have any recommendations for things to do down there. Hope I didn't make you too uncomfortable at the end of the evening. A little too much alcohol there at the end of the evening. Alan, Attached is a redline version of the assignment with the changes we discussed. I also added the geographic location difference language to the Buyer's Daily Obligation section to make it bi-lateral. I would be happy to discuss our comments with Hess if they so desire. David, Attached is a construction agreement draft for a 750,000 gathering system between Sapphire Bay. Sappire Bay will own the gathering system. Stephanie, Attached is the clean and redlined revised Capacity Release and Assignment Agreement. I changed the notification to require that Calpine give us notice and that we would attempt to negotiate with the pipelines to arrange an alternative to the notice. Larry, I am working with Robert Morgan to get the proper approvals at Bridgeline and I will insure that the proper approvals are obtained from Enron. 24" pipeline project - Bridgeline Storage I have received all needed engineering information from Rusty Belflower, with the exception of an area map which will be provided. The application is essentially complete. Who at Enron, Texaco and Bridgeline should I send the application to for approval prior to filing? This communication may contain information that is privileged, confidential and exempt from disclosure under applicable law. If you are not the intended recipient, you are on notice that any unauthorized disclosure, copying, distribution, or taking of any action in reliance on the contents of the electronically transmitted materials is prohibited. Also, please notify immediately via e-mail the sender that you have received the communication in error. Attached is a redline and clean version of the revised confirm.