If you have it, he would appreciate your e-mailing it to him. Andy, I would appreciate your including Rex Rogers on the distribution list for the Litigation Report. I would very much appreciate your forwarding the attachment to the appropriate individuals at the Law School. Sincerely yours, Paul, pursuant to Jimi's request, I am forwarding this attachment to you. We are both very grateful for and appreciative of your assistance. I want to thank you for making the effort to come to Houston last month and for your kind follow-up letters. I enjoyed the opportunity to meet you, and I also enjoyed our discussion. Don't forget my offer to treat you to a game at Enron Field. Mr. Derrick, the next meeting of the Enron Corp. Board of Directors will be held on December 12th. Please review the list of Officers for your department. If you approve as writtten, please let us know no later December 4th. I will support your and Rob Wall's decision. Jim Mark, my question has been answered, so you can disregard my previous e-mail request to you for information. Jim Please format and print the attachment. I return Monday night and leave again on Friday for a couple of days. Perhaps we can touch base on Tuesday or Wednesay of next week and find a date that works for everyone. Is Rob Walls in the loop on the proposed hire? I'm happy you could use the tickets, but I regret that you didn't get the Astros into the Win column. Jim Derrick Steph, please arrange a time with Bill Donovan for us to tour our floor in the new building and look at our proposed location. I will ask Stephanie to contact your assistant to arrange a time for lunch. Also, please find Out when the next Cont flt After Mine leaves, in case I miss mine. Please call Vince Buckley at Locke Liddell with the request to involve Stan. Jim, Corporate Aviation has been intructed by the Office of the Chairman to sell three of its aircraft. At least one sales will occur in the 4th quarter of 2000. Any sale not completed in the 4th quarter will probably close in the 1st or 2nd quarter of 2001. The aircraft to be sold are currently in structured finance transactions that will need to be unwound. It is my understanding that Stan Pieringer of Locke Liddell Sapp helped put together two of the three transactions that need to be unwound and is otherwise familiar with structures of this nature. In order to accomplish the unwinding of the transactions, I believe it is appropriate to engage outside counsel. Given Stan Pieringer's faimiliarty with the type of structures to be unwound, I recommend engaging him and his firm for the project. Please advise if engaging Stan Pieringer and Locke Liddell is acceptable. This message was sent automatically by Microsoft Outlook to inform you that you have been designated as a delegate. Editor can read, create, and modify items To open folders for which you have permissions, point to Open on the File menu, and then click Other User's Folder. You must be running Microsoft Outlook to do this. You will also be receiving copies of meeting requests sent to me and will be able to respond to them on my behalf. Andy Edison has notified me that Jones, Day is representing a party in a litigation matter adverse to Enron. Please notify me if you are aware of any work that Jones, Day is performing for any Enron entity or for any lender or underwriter on an Enron matter. I'm transmitting this from an airport via my Blackberry. Tom, thanks for the message. Perhaps we could get together late next week or during the following week. I'm struggling to keep from becoming a triple digit. Organisational Change Thanks for the kind words. Regards, Tom Tom, congratulations on your decision! I wish you the very best in this exciting new phase of your life, and I intend to take you up on lunches, dinners, and tee times. You have my number, so let me hear from you. I received notice today that a company of which I am a director has scheduled a special board meeting for this Friday afternoon on the east coast. I will be unable, therefore, to be in Austin for the Executive Committee Meeting. Please convey my regrets and best wishes to those who attend. Jim Jimbo, Carrin and I were named the co-recipients of the Anti-Defamation Leagues' Karen Susman Jurisprudence Award, which was presented to us today in the Grand Ballroom at the Hyatt Regency. I thought you might be interested in the text of my response. Love, Dad Cyndy, I am in receipt of Bill Ide's letter inviting me to the May 16 meeting at the Willard Hotel in Washington, D. Because the May 16 neeting conflicts directly with an obligation to which I am committed, I will not be able to attend. Please keep me in mind for future events.