This is a note to let you know what happened as per your calls on my behalf. I had lunch with John Keffer and Randy Coles of King Spalding. We had a cordial conversation, but I concluded and stated that the firm was well covered regarding the skills that I might offer. John Klauberg and I had a most enjoyable breakfast. I spoke with Lynn Coleman, but didn't hear any thing back. Vicky Price and I have exchanged calls, but haven't had a chance to speak. On another fronts, I was contacted by Strasburger regarding their Mexico and other Latin work. They claim to have done a little work for Enron. Also, I am still in discussions with Shook, Hardy Bacon, the Kansas City firm with about 40 lawyers here in Houston. Before anything get finalized, I would like to run it by you just to get an independent reaction. Mont Weekly, and sometimes daily, I become a director of an new Enron company. Kate Cole of the Enron Corporate Secretary's office maintains the data base showing my directorships. In addition to my new Enron dirctorships, I have become a member of the Board of Trustees of the Southwestern Legal Foundation. Enron must keep this information up-to-date. Accordingly, if your details referred to below have changed recentlye. category of registration eg your registration will change from Trader to Representative or Director 4. internal transfer ie if you have changed departments within Enron 6. if you plan to leave Enron and have a departure date Many thanks. I've attached a memo announcing Sen. Bentsen as recipient of the Lifetime Achievement Award. If so, please feel free to revise and I'll take care of it from there. The very first time that I laid eyes on Steve Susman , he was clad only in his underwear. Moreover, he was shouting and angrily brandishing his fist at me! The Northern Lights may have seen stranger sights, but I assure you I have not. In 1968 or 1969 you will understand that I have repressed the actual date , I journeyed to Fort Worth, Texas as a representative of the Texas Law Review to attend some State Bar of Texas committee meeting, one being held, I think, in conjunction with an annual meeting of the Bar. The Law Review had reserved a few rooms at one of the downtown hotels. I arrived late at night, dutifully registered at the hotel's desk, received my room key, took the elevator to the designated floor, walked to my room, inserted the room key, and opened the door. The darkness that shrouded the room was suddenly pierced by a flare of light that revealed to my astonished eyes a bear of a man, almost naked, leaping out of the bed toward me, shaking a very large fist in the vicinity of my face, and demanding to know why I had violated the sanctity of his room! It will surprise none who know Steve to learn that although he was adamantly insisting on an explanation, he refused to be quiet long enough for me to offer him one. Knowing even at my then tender young age a madman when I see one, I exited the scene of the controversy with as much speed as my terrified legs could muster and rushed back to the front desk with my tale of adventure and close escape from severe bodily injury. There may well have been some talk of calling hotel security or the Fort Worth Police, but in the end I settled for a new room, the door of which I bolted immediately. After a mostly sleepless night during which I anticipated the imminent reappearance of the madman, I arose, showered, dressed, and carefully made my way to the meeting room. During the course of the day, I spotted the madman across the ballroom engaged in conversation with another individual. Surreptitiously pointing him out to one of my friends, I asked if he knew him. The answer was no, but he did know who he was. How could I have possibly foreseen as I fled from the madman in that Forth Worth hotel room so many years ago that not only would my path again cross his but that I would one day serve as his lawyer, that he would serve as mine, and that I would count him as one of my closest friends! I hereby officially forgive you, Steve, not only for stealing my Fort Worth hotel room but also for the injury you wished on me that night. Looking back on it, I wouldn't want it to have been any other way. I wish you the Happiest of Birthdays, Steve. Thanks for your friendship--I treasure it. All the best, Jim I agree to the comments included in your fax to me of November 30 being used in the way and in the context therein set forth. I am very grateful for everything you and your firm are doing to assist our cause. Jim Marc, I met this morning with an acquaintance, Eric Johnson, with respect to a product that he thought might be of interest to Enron. In our discussion it became apparent that his product is not an obvious fit with Enron, and he asked about the possibility of discussing the product with the New Power Company.