that I would one day serve as his lawyer, that he would serve as mine, and that I would count him as one of my closest friends! I hereby officially forgive you, Steve, not only for stealing my Fort Worth hotel room but also for the injury you wished on me that night. Looking back on it, I wouldn't want it to have been any other way. I wish you the Happiest of Birthdays, Steve. Thanks for your friendship--I treasure it. All the best, Jim Randy, your suggestion looks fine to me. In an effort to find a firm that Enron has used recently for web related matters, I spoke with Mark Taylor and Marianne Castano. She was very pleased with Vivian's support. After discussing our specific requirements with Mark and Marianne and reviewing this matter with Vicki Sharp, I spoke with Vivian briefly to confirm if she had the experience we needed. I found she had exactly what we needed and subsequently discussed this with John Schwartzenburg. Thank you, Randy Nancy, I suggest we take the Four Seasons option. Susman Jurisprudence Award Luncheon The Hyatt has just notifyed us that Monday, April 23, 2001 is available for us to hold the Karen H. I want to confirm that this date still works for everyone. Please respond asap and let me know if we can go ahead with "booking" this date at the Hyatt. In 1999 the deal was restructured and Soc Gen was taken out by Bank of America. As part of both transactions, there was an absolute put agreement to Enron in favor of Soc Gen and B of A. B of A has indicated it intends to exercise the put which will have the effect of moving the loan back on the books of Enron. Enron's business people don't want this to happen and are going to arrange to have a Whitewing entity buy out the B of A position. In order to timely complete the project, outside counsel needs to be engaged. John Dawson at Vinson Elkins worked on the original transaction and has been contacted about this project. Please acknowledge that it is acceptable to use John Dawson and the firm of Vinson Elkins on this project. The dollar amount of the transaction is approximately 92. Thank you for your quick response as the business parties want to close the deal asap. John West Nancy, I believe the question was asked by David Beck. Potential Lawsuit Versus Copel, Petrobras, Compagas, and Compagas Board Members Privileged and Confidential Attorney-Client Communication Attorney Work Product We may need to file a suit this week or next to enjoin the signing of a gas supply agreement between Petrobras and Compagas. Copel has as interest along with El Paso in the power plant which would use the gas. A contract has already been signed between Compagas and the plant. The Compagas Board votes on the agreement tomorrow. The gas supply contract would have a 20-year term and would be worth 1. The ground for the suit would be that, under Brazilian law, Compagas is required to solicit bids for the gas supply arrangement. Compagas has sought to justify not soliciting bids on the basis that Petrobras is the only supplier capable of supplying the gas. Enron, among others, is also capable of supplying the gas. We have a legal opinion supporting our position. We anticipate that Petrobras and Copel, despite their obvious conflict of interest, will force the issue and will vote in favor of the agreement nonetheless. Tozzini Freire has been advising us, and is doing an excellent job. If you approve, we would like to continue to use them if litigation is necessary. Please call me or Randy with any comments or questions. Marcus, I am ok with your proposed counsel selection. External Legal Counsel Jim I would like to instruct the following firm in Bulgaria Djingov Gouginski Kyutchukov Velichkov, 10 Tsar Osvoboditel Blvd, 1000 Sofia to review the enforceability of a commercial representative agreement for Enron Metals Commodity Corp. Enron Europe Limited have recommended this firm.