Bill, I want to thank you and your team for everthing you are doing to assist our cause. I am confident that, together, we shall ultimately prevail. Jim Tom, the memo is fine, but before sending it we need to get confirmation from John Beckworth or Mike Perrin that Senator Bentsen will be able to attend the dinner at which the award will be given. I left messages for John and Mike last Friday. Lifetime Achievement Award memo attached Hello, Mr. Derrick--Nancy asked that I send you this draft memo for your review/approval. Lifetime Achievement memo. doc Paula, your group is still welcome to attend, but since you have already met with them, their attendance is certainly not required. Jim Jim Derrick Bill, I want to thank you and your team for everything you are doing to assist our cause. I am confident that, together, we shall ultimately prevail. Jim Please see the proposed agenda for our meeting in San Antonio next Wednesday. Jim Thank you for the invitation to the June 14 reception. Unfortunately, I will not be in London on that day and thus will be unable to attend. , and I have another meeting that begins at 3 p. We could meet in my office from 2 to 3 on that date. If an hour is not sufficient, we would need to select another date. Jim, Carrin asked me to see if you would be available to meet on Tuesday, December 12 at 2 p. We would meet downtown to begin discussing plans for the Karen H. Susman Jurisprudence Award Luncheon, now confirmed for Monday, April 23, 2001. Ray, Joe Dilg has informed me of your very kind offer of assistance with regard to my son's James V. We are currently working on his application and hope to get it to the school within the next ten days. He graduated from the University of Mississippi and is currently enrolled in a university in Madrid, Spain studying Spanish. I will send you a copy of his application as soon as it is completed. David Boies and Barry Richards were just too much to pass up. We settled the Beaver lease cases at the same price we paid the other lessors and without any of their attorney fees. I am working with Richard Sanders and Robin Gibb on defense to the California class actions. Looks like they will pay us about 75 of our damages to go away. One new risk is the upcoming cold spell and very high Northwest prices. This will cost us a lot of money, possibly not recoverable from customers, and may spread the litigation over high prices to the Northwest. This could develop as a risk to the Sierra sale in the extreme, but right now appears manageble. The Enron litigation team is here on Monday and we will cooperate on strategy and resources as prudent. Finally, we have received a settlement offer on the Grant County case that looks good and we are pursuing it. Steve, I was delighted to receive the news of your being admitted to the Partnership. Jim Linda, I may not be able to participate in the December 14th conference call. I do believe it is important that Robert Eickenroht participate along with Jack Urquhart. Jim Marcus, I am ok with your proposed counsel selection. External Legal Counsel Jim I would like to instruct the following firm in Bulgaria Djingov Gouginski Kyutchukov Velichkov, 10 Tsar Osvoboditel Blvd, 1000 Sofia to review the enforceability of a commercial representative agreement for Enron Metals Commodity Corp. Enron Europe Limited have recommended this firm. If you are uncomfortable with this firm please advise and I will seek out another, unless of course you have a preference for a particular firm in Bulgaria. Bentsen Hello, Mr. Derrick--I've attached a memo announcing Sen. Bentsen as recipient of the Lifetime Achievement Award. If so, please feel free to revise and I'll take care of it from there. We may need to file a suit this week or next to enjoin the signing of a gas supply agreement between Petrobras and Compagas. As you know, Enron Dutapar , Copel, and Petrobras are the three shareholders of Compagas. Copel has as interest along with El Paso in the power plant which would use the gas. A contract has already been signed between Compagas and the plant. The Compagas Board votes on the agreement tomorrow. The gas supply contract would have a 20-year term and would be worth 1. The ground for the suit would be that, under Brazilian law, Compagas is required to solicit bids for the gas supply arrangement. Compagas has sought to justify not soliciting bids on the basis that Petrobras is the only supplier capable of supplying the gas. Enron, among others, is also capable of supplying the gas. We have a legal opinion supporting our position.