to do the testing with a portable emissions tester, which has been verified in side by side testing on New Mexico units as opposed to bringing in a third party referenced testing company. A condition of all permitting issues is that the carbs are not supposed to be installed on the units preconstruction until approval has been given by the agency. In this case, we will be allowed to install a carbuerator on the one unit to be tested but not on all units. Should testing show other exceedances emissions or Hp in addition to fuel savings, this will trigger actions requiring perimtting. Remember, that sampling ports in the exhaust stack of the unit to be tested will need to be constructed prior to testing. Let me know if the Team will need a diagram showing the sampling port locations. Approval was received from the Texas Railroad Commission to discontinue groundwater monitoring at the Pucket Plant. As you may remember, Transwestern constructed a permitted landfill to dispose of the entire facility near Ft. Groundwater montioring activities have been ongoing since aprox. A permit condition states that if three years of groundwater sampling data confirms that the groundwater protection standard has not been exceeded, the groundwater monitoring activities can be terminated. A letter from Leslie Savage granting this approval was received on July 14, 1999. Ken Gray, all other conditions of the permit are still in effect noxious weed and mesquite control, monthly site inspections recordkeeping etc. Continue to keep the records accurate and up to date. I anticipate that we will be required to monitor and conduct housekeeping activities at the site indefinately. The assets are owned by Equilon Pipeline Company. A copy of the findings have been submitted to Legal. There were some deficiencies and potential liabilities discovered as a result of this activity. No deficiencies or non compliance issues were identified for this 12 month period. There wer no deficiencies or non compliance issues identified for any of the 11 facilities during this 12 month period. The testing contractor was contacted and a revised report was submitted to the agency. Remember, the unit selected must be tested with the fuel mixer on and then remove the mixer and conduct a test with the carbureator on. Whoever performs the portable emissions testing will need to ensure that we follow a portocol that I will submit to the state. I would appreciate your assistance in motivating the remaining seven teams to get this information to me at their earliest convenience. I have attached the most recent update of the tank spreadsheet for you to pass on to the teams. Particpated in a Consolidated audit of two facilities on the Northern Border Pipeline system. Very few items of concern were identified. Submitted to the state of Texas Fish and Wildlife Service annual blanket renewal requests. Submitted to the state of Arizona Shpo annual blanket renewal requests. Submtted to the state of New Mexico Shpo and Fish and Wildlife Service annual blanket renewal requests. George, Ive read through your stuff on the Gomez remediation and need some help. Why are we collecting so much groundwater. Im concerned that charges for twice weekly disposal may be perceived as excessive, even though the costs are reasonable. Other than that, I dont mind ensuring the protection of the upstream spring and think we should get busy on the well installations. Do you think this will do it with respect to no more wells needed. Id like to get to that position as quickly as possible. Could you take a look at the attached file's, and answer question concerning Environmental Permit / Survey at Keystone. I am not to sure about some of these questions. Many Thanks, Dennis This is a message from Kerry. I just converted and moved Larry Campbell lcampbe to the W2K server. I successfully converted the tables and have the links corrected logged in as kgramse , however Larry cannot use the system. I received a message while logged in as Larry stating that the data/application was "Read-Only" when I attempted to re-link the tables.