I had asked him to only focus on the Southwest system. Ralph said he will let me know the results of the meeting. I was just informed by the Navajo Nation that prior to receiving approval from the agency fo rthe installation of the turbines, an archeology survey is to be performed at each compressor station site. Be advised that an archeologist will be present at sta. Please have someone from each team present at each location during the surveys and allow access to the facility by the archeologist. Donna, I spoke to the Navajo Nation about expiditing the report submittal once the archeological surveys have been completed and the Nation said that under their current regulations, assuming that there are no cultural resources identified at either location, they are allowed 30 days to review the findings before they are required to issue the final report. She didnt think it would take this long, but said that due to existing surveys back logs, and personnel, it might. The Navajo Nation F W has not returned my call about what they might require. Ill be persistent here also and let you know when I find out something Louie/Ed I know you guys are busy, but because of the emphasis Enron places on ensuring that action items from consolidated audits are completed prior to the action item completion date, I really need to know how Scott and I are to proceed on the subsurface drilling activities for potential contamination at the Bakersfield Fractionator. I understand the there is an issue concerning Koch's individual and shared responsibility for some of the issues identified during the audit. Whatever you can do to assist us in either initiating the investigations or placing a hold on the drilling would be greatly appreciated. 3 Presentation of the results relating to surveys conducted in the path of construction for the Rogas project. The waiver to lay pipeline above ground for the Rogas constsruction was approved by the Offfice of the State Fire Marshall, Pipeline Safety Division. There were 8 city, county, state and federal agencies notified by application for approval to construct the 9 mile pipline system consisting of 3 piplines. This is the only agency approval received as yet. Acre credits were obtained from Aera for the construction of the Rogas pipeline. Aera is an oil company with major holdings of acreage available for purchase. Sorry about not getting to talk with you, but I am taking the month of December off so as not to give Enron my vacation. Things are somewhat stressful around here. Enron is screening e mails so everyone is a little tense. Lots of things are going on with Enron trying to bail itself out of this mess. As you may have heard, they severed about 4500 people so far, Joe Kolb and Don Stevens were among those. Ive kept a low key on the daily news reports about what is going on, so I really dont know much. This was a good time to take my vacation. This whole thing doesnt seem to be bothering me, as I am relying on Jesus, my higher power and that has been my strength and comfort. Its a good feeling to know that whatever happens, my family and I will be just fine. Were you able to find an acceptable substitute for a tree? David, I hope you and everyone in the Ayers household has a very merry Christmas. I think of you much and hold you in my prayers. When we stop and reflect upon all that man has done to warp the meaning of our Savior's birth, it becomes hard to focus on the real meaing. I pray that you are a wonderful witness to a lost and twisted people in Katar and remember the love of Christ that was revealed to us in his cruxificion. I am thankful for our Great High Priest who has opened up the doors of heaven for us and by His Spirit has given us the opportunity to peek through the veil and know the Holies of Holies. May God bless each of you and continue to show you wonders of His love and grace. I know in the past, prior to their taking over ownership, I would remind them each year that a particular document was requried. I figured that when they became owners, they didnt need me anymore. I even have a copy of the Title V Permit. I can send it one more time if you want me too. Let me know Don Baughman and Juan Hernandez. If the listing you saw says Edwin Coulter, he no longer is part of the group.