A sample of an unused clean stocked filter. A liquids sample of the residual in the upstream leg of the Topock filter separator prior to deconning. An estimate of the volume of this material removed form the F/S prior to deconning was approximately one gallon. Wipe samples 3 of the interrior of the F/S prior to deconning not 100 cm sq. The operation of the F/S filters are designed to be a twice pass through of the same filter. Composite samples were collected of the upstream and downstream portions of the filters. Wipes 3 of the deconned filter separator interrior walls. The only inconsistency observed during the cleaning and inspection process was the volume and buildup of the black fine powdery hydrcarbon material which was present in the F/S at the Topock C/S and conspicuously small amount of rust colored material which was present in Transwestern's F/S. As previously mentioned, samples were collected of both materials. The only difference between the two locations was the color of the materials and the volume. I will have reprensentataive samples of both materials. Analytical results will also be completed at this time. When we do the emissions testing at C/S No. 3, Luepp, we should be aware of the positives and negatives. The positives being the information which Steve and company will collect. There is also is no permit emission limits associated with the permit at this facility. There also exists the potential to pay lower emissions fees should this investigation show that the emissions from the units to be significantly lower than what was placed into the permit application. The downside to this effort is that the data we collect may in fact show that our emissions fees which we have been paying actually under estimate those submitted in our application and we would more than likely be held accountable for the difference 1996 to the present. Additionally, enforcement action could result by the Navajos. I say this to apprise everyone of the positive and negative potentials involved in completing this study. From the emission estimates which were placed into the permit application we included a defendable buffer or excess of emissions to account for variations in the temperature, humidity, engine age and poor engine mechanics should they exist. And finally, we have the unknown of not knowing what the three units actually emit. This uncertanty in itself may be the driver to know so as not to have a situation which was similar to what happened at Atoka No. The permit is similiar to the other title V permits issued to New Mexico faciliites. Assisted the Gallup Team with the preparation, completion and submittal of the Title V semi anual compliance monitoring report and annual certification report. This inspection is interesting in the fact that all combustion equipment has been removed and dismantled and replaced by electric units. Written notification was submitted to the agency several months ago and a written reply was received from the agency that the facility is exempt from any and all permitting requirements. A meeting was held with the Artesia Team to assign roles and responsibilities for the newly issued Title V air permit for the Atoka No. Also discussed was the permitting approach which will be followed for the approval to install micro pre combustion chambers on two White units which were found to be out of compliance with the air permit emissions limits when the New Mexico Air Quality Bureau conducted a surprise inspection at the facility. I shared with Ralph and up until this year, we have not had liquids at the Needles facility since 1994. He stated that they have seen reduced concentrations and are curious as to why this trend is occurring sounds like good news to me. 1998 liquids concentrations only 1 regulated at the federal level 1999 liquids concentrations only 8 regulated at the federal level Ralph has requested that SoCal be allowed to collect a liquids sample at the Needles M/S and I have contacted the Needles team about assisting SoCal with the collection. I would expect that this may have implications with respect to slight increased billing for analytical charges that SoCal will be charging us for and we reveiw on a quarterly basis with them. This memo presents those environmental issues which may be or were identified as a potential environmental concern. There are stream and river crossings included in this package. The pipeline crossings viewed appeared to have sufficient soil coverage and did have block valves on the upstream and downstream portions of the pipeline crossings.