Either Bill Kendrick or I will be touching base with her again, tomorrow. all earthwork trench construction and piping tie ins all foundation and building construction installation of ancillary equipment This list is probably too aggressive and falls out of what the agency may allow us to do. 1 and 2 air permit permit engineer Shudeish Mahadev ? Just to keep all permit information together, I spoke to Roger Kohn and he has sent to me the station 3 and 4 air permits. public hearing As Larry has probably reported to you by now, the public hearing last night in Williams was accomplished with a satisfactory result. Shudeish had copies of the draft permits, which Larry reviewed and found satisfactory. I just spoke with Shudeish about how soon the actual permits will be issued. He then said that he expected both permits would be issued middle to end of next week by Nov. I then asked Shudeish why the comment period was extended until Nov 23 when the rule states that the comment period is only 30 days long and the comment period opened by first publication on October 17. The public hearing also must be no sooner than 30 days after first publication, and that is why it was set for Nov. Thus, even allowing for a couple of days after what should have been the close of comment period Nov 19, because Nov 17 was a Saturday , the permits should be issued by the first of next week rather than the end of the week. Shudeish said he would check and get back to me. I know this is only a couple of days difference assuming the permits are issued by Nov 30 , but I am sensitive to Jerry's urgency to get moving quickly, and I also want to lay some groundwork to object if actual issuance starts dragging. Please let me know if you have any thoughts or comments. Van Wolf The information contained in this electronic mail message is confidential information intended only for the use of the individual or entity named above, and may be privileged. If the reader of this message is not the intended recipient or the employee or agent responsible to deliver it to the intended recipient, you are hereby notified that any dissemination, distribution or copying of this communication is strictly prohibited. I was surprised to find out that both agencies stated a 2-4 month delay prior to issuance. They cited back log of other permits, public comment periods, and workload as being the main reasons. I am particularily disappointed because there were pre meetings with both agencies identifying what was to be included in each application package, and even after the applications were submitted in March of this year, each agency came back and asked for different information that from what was discussed at each meeting. I have a call into the state of Arizona construction is to begin at Station 2 and they have jurisdiction for this station to see if we can initiate some construction activities such as laying pipe and building foundations prior to receiving the permit. I have been given these types of approvals from other agencies in the past, but these types of approvals are extremely narrow and restrictive. If this flys I am sure that they will require us to make sure the turbine is not brought on site until the permit has been issued. I know this will require written approval from the agency, but this may allow us to proceed on schedule and avoid any delays. John, I plan on grabbing not only a digital camera but also my video camera to handle the panarama part of the equations. In conversations with Doug Cebryk, it looks like the primary routes are Interstate 17 and El Paso's existing right of way south. I spoke with Kevin Hyatt about a possible route that exists south to a power plant between station 1 and Kingman Az, and then heading southeast into the Phoenix area, but didnt know if the economics would work out. I also plan on addressing what might be considered sensitive areas of potential impact streams, rivers, riparian habitat, difficult terrain, population and critical habitat issues etc Ill have a report to you shortly after the trip. Please give me a report following your fly-over of the route with Doug Cebryk. I am very interested in what you see and the potentials that are there.