Equally important, the more preparation and planning we do at this stage, the faster the progress that would be made once the project actually begins. Bill, we had an air inspection at the facility a couple of weeks ago and all went well. Prior to the state visit, we went through a "trouble shooting" scenario and found out that Solar provided us with innacurate permitting information for that altitude and temperature. Solar was very helpful and provided us with updated information to reflect conditions at the facility. I submitted a permit revision and it was submitted to the state of Colorado prior to their inspection, requesting more fuel but no more emissions. Recent testing has shown that even under extreme low temperatures, the emissions are under the original permitted levels. Ill leave it up to Mr. Shafer as to his preference to have dinner with Mr. Smith during our June tour of the C/S facilities. If you want me to, I can put on a little presentation to the other 2 teams in Arizona and see if we can get their support and participation also. Larry, per your request following our phone conversation today I'm forwading a brief note regarding our dinner meeting last night with the Arizona Chapter of the Nature Conservancy. Hank Hull Flagstaff Team leader and I met with Edward Smith, the Northern Arizona Program Ecologist with the Nature Conservancy, here out of Flagstaff. The purpose of the meeting was to make introductions between Ed and Hank and to informally discuss opportunities in which the Flagstaff Team could support the local chapter. The Flagstaff Team made a committment in their Team Objectives and each team member in their Peer Committments to support the Conservancy in some manner this year. I won't get into the details but, it was obvious that opportunities will exist for the Team to become active in local activities. So, as a follow up to the meeting, Ed will make a list of the areas and locations the Conservancy is in need of help and forward this list to Hank who will then poll the various Team members and solicit volunteers. This may take a couple of weeks to get up and running but we should be well on our way by June. Our goal, for now, will be to committ on a monthly, quarterly or annual basis to providing a given number of volunteer hours. I'll keep you posted on how things progress. Ed also, offered to come out to one of the Team's meetings and give the group an overview of the Arizona Chapter of the Nature Conservancy and discuss our involvement with the entire Team. And last but not least, when you, Bill, John, Rich and Randy come out for your West End field trip we may be able to coordinate a dinner get togeather with Ed to discuss any topics of interest. All work will be inside the Northern Natural Gas Kermit Compressor Station. The only excavation required will be for a pole and conduit. If the P L shows 50mw, that's because we had to give the cash guys 50mw. The letter stated that we may owe emissions fees for the facility. My question is, do you have such a facility in your team area, and what does it comprise? I need something from you by this afternoon or tomorrow at the latest. I guess I'll let the money sit until I think it's safe to take it out. David Roensch, Dr. Adewumi and myself discussed the latest proposal submitted by Adewumi and based upon his answers to the technical and operational questions, it appears that the model will yeild some useful information. He felt that by initiating the model to the pipeline segement selected for the study between C/S 4 and C/S3 this information could be projected to the other pipeline segments with physical and elevational conditions not represented in the segment selected. As is the case with most projects of this nature, answers to some questions cannot be addressed until we begin the process. It appears that the next step in this process is to have Mike Terraso contact Michael Adewumi. David Roensch and I will be available to feed technical and operational information to Adewumi for his modeling input.