Let him know he should call me to figure out the best time to get him down here have to go now though hugs Jeff halley k harrisburg hkh michaelrosenfeldglry. It's the horrible virus they have been talking about in the news and unfortunately my assistant opened it so it is now automatically sent to everyone in our address books. Also, on Sunday at our Valentine's brunch, Dan Fuller asked that I speak with you regarding summer position. I think he has e-mailed you in the past couple of weeks. He wants to firm us his plans for the summer and was hoping Enron was still a possibility. Missed you on Sunday but I hope we'll see you soon. halley I have McKinsey sending over another Glass Market presentation, and you should have it shortly Jeff Hey, I'll be around this weekend, trying to get myself together. I'll tell you this weekend about my meeting with my the shrink the other day. Please don't ever think you are bothering me. I guess I'm a little less mature about my emotions than I thought. I know this is all personal, but email seems to be a little easier for me to communicate this to you right now. I'm not sure that my home number is on yet, so the cell phone is where I'll be. The Convertible Bond Arbitrage desk will be moving from EnronCredit. com to the Equity desk under Gary Hickerson, and will be managed by Mike Bradley. Billy Lemmons has joined Gary Hickerson's unit as well. He is exploring the agriculture value chain and outlining our risk management, What else here? Dan Reck will be transitioning out of the coal group and will be exploring our rail and trucking initiatives. These markets together represent approximately 105 billion notionally, and we believe there are many synergies between our energy, coal, and freight trading businesses. In addition, we have asked Pierre Aury to run our worldwide vessel trading businesses. Scott Moncrief will be responsible for all liquids vessel businesses reporting to Pierre should we mention cement here under george mclellan? Our worldwide weather operations will continue to report to Mark Tawney in Houston, and he will have all V R allocation responsibility between Sydney, Tokyo, Oslo, and Houston. In addition we will be forming a weather marketing desk in London. Janelle Scheuer will be joining the Global Products from Enron America's East power origination group, and is responsible for developing a mid-market business specifically for our liquids businesses. Don Schroeder will continue to have oversight of our physical crude business. Let's get together and get this traders' roundtable going. I'm excited to finish unpacking this weekend, and just relaxing a little. If you're not completely wiped on sunday, give me a ring. Oh, could you wear your new party pants tuesday to my house? I'd be happy to spend time talking to them about the info below if that is what they want. I don't have any additional information other than what is in the quote below. I can call Mr. Barlett or if you are not adverse to Chris calling you directly, I will give him your number. But I'm not sure for what you are asking. Harvard Business School Good afternoon Jeff, Cindy Olson referred me to you, suggesting that you would have the information mentioned below. Enron University Affairs, Ken Lay, Jeff Skilling, Andy Fastow and Gene Humphrey have been working with Harvard Business School, specifically Chris Bartlett and Meg Wozny of Harvard, on a case study of Enron. This study is in its last phase and the only 'roadblock' is gathering additional information. In particular, Harvard would like information on the 'size and growth of the risk management group'. This information will help facilitate drawing an effective comparison of the 'old' Enron and the 'new' Enron. Let me know if you need any additional information. Regards, Cindy Derecskey University Affairs Enron Corp. Just send me the color and model and I'll even find one gorgeous French Jewish babe and stuff her ass in the briefcase and bring her back for you! But I'm not sure for what you are asking. Harvard Business School Good afternoon Jeff, Cindy Olson referred me to you, suggesting that you would have the information mentioned below. This study is in its last phase and the only 'roadblock' is gathering additional information. In particular, Harvard would like information on the 'size and growth of the risk management group'. This information will help facilitate drawing an effective comparison of the 'old' Enron and the 'new' Enron. Let me know if you need any additional information. Regards, Cindy Derecskey University Affairs Enron Corp. I just spoke with mike robertson and told him we are ready for a weather person in london now.