Of course spread trading is a good idea, but when I look at the portfolio in aggregate, the position story I'm being told doesn't make sense. The issue of making the morning meetings more inspiring is a challege we need to take up. I would suggest we move to traders telling what the main positions are in their books 3 max and then give a bullish max 2 to bearish max -2 view of their mkt. If we moved more quickly through this we might have time for more meaningful discussion at the end. I think that the discussion at the end we can keep flexible but for instance when we have major issues like spr sales or an opec meeting we should delegate somebody to do a review of that. The issue of high volatility in the markets makes a good argument for lowering position sizes but the issue of not having any money to lose won't ever go away. I base that statement on the premise that with the budget for next year set at 175 million we will always be under pressure to meet budget and not give back any profits. I know you would prefer we move away from this and become more the latter but I would encourage you to consider the fact that we have little edge in forecasting short term price movements but hopefully have enough staying power and experience to position ourselves correctly for the big moves. I think it would be most prudent to play the markets from a very flat price position and try to day trade more aggressively. electorate, the Opec ministers and their new important roles, The Israeli and Palestinian leaders, and somewhat importantly, Mother Nature. Given that, and that we cannot afford to lose any more money, and that Var seems to be a problem, let's be as flat as possible. I'm ok with spread risk not front to backs, but commodity spreads. The morning meetings are not inspiring, and I don't have a real feel for everyone's passion with respect to the markets. I've only gotten response from jim g, doug f, and adam m. Jeff I'd be happy to look at his resume. I'll call you later today to talk about Bob Rose at Bank America. He's been trading crude with them for a while, and I believe he's well respected in the market. He might be in the market for a job, but wants to keep a low profile. If we have a fit for him, he could bring a lot of value to Enron. That girl's mother sounds like a real problem. I'm not sure how I would have handled it. 35am to go to school, a lady approached me and asked if I'd make sure her daughter got on a certain bus. The mother was running late for work and could not wait. I decided that Nicki would just have to wait on her own. I asked her if she had any relatives that would want to know of her whereabouts. I called her grandmother and explained things to her. A bus that runs through UofH arrived and I almost got on without her, but I couldn't do it. There were only 15 minutes left of class. I stayed for the remainder of the lecture. After class we went back to bus stop and within minutes her bus arrived. I told the bus driver where to drop her off. I notified her grandmother with the time of the departure. And I was relieved when Nicki called to let me know she was home safe. I have forwarded your resume to John Lavorato, who runs gas and power. Occidental and I have developed significant philosophical differences on how to run our gas and liquids business. I am committed to making a career change shortly after the first of the year. I know that you are busy, but I would appreciate you taking a brief look at my resume and giving me a heads up on the best way to approach Enron. doc I had to cancel my trip to Phila today--bummer. I'm out of town this sunday for one week I'm psyched about australia, but only for two days is a little sad. I am not planning on spending too much time on our sob stories! If that doesn't work, Thursday may work, but on the later side. I think I have to have a drink with a consultant coming into town, but I am not sure. Have a safe trip and I can't wait to hear all about it. If you decide that Australia is to amazing to leave, I will completely understand and we can reschedule. In fact, we could have drinks there I've never been! But not too long on woes, I don't like not being in a good mood. I really don't like that expression "misery loves company" by the way Thanks.