Very few Australian cargoes have found their way to the fair shores of Europe over the last few months and this has been a function of the strong Pacific market at the back end of 2000 and indeed in part due to the consolidation which has been going on, the latest development to be Rio Tinto's acquirement of Peabody's asset's in Oz. At 28 the oz producer is making some 13 a tonne, the chinese are due to export a further 6 million mt this year and steel production is forecast to be down some 10 year on year - while we may see some activity at higher prices in the short-term I think it will be difficult for the producers to realise the numbers which they are talking longer term. China is also talking prices of 30 which is 3/4 higher than last year but have some 3 frt advantage versus Newcastle. There are reports of Siberian type weather heading our way which cud increase burn temporarily but I donot think this will have a significant impact. We are busy looking for any opportunity to sell out of our South African long as Glencore tries to prop the mkt up and will then look to buy back our physical shorts into Europe from the Armada of coal which is due to arrive. Meanwhile we are working to sell 3-5 year agreements with several utilities while the mkt loiters in the higher regions of the historical range. We are also talking with several producers about securing longer term contracts which will give us a good supply base to work from going forward. Rgds Jez Looks like there is plenty of work to do, and I continue to believe shipping, etc. has great possibility for Enron. I'd like to get a group of people to talk about plans going forward, and will fill you in shortly on time, where, etc. One point is that it is our policy not to speak to the press without it being cleared through public relations first. Your comments were interesting, but I was concerned about perception. Please coordinate public statements, interviews, and the like through the proper channels going forward. I'm excited about the exec committee, but it is a little big, so I told Skilling we should rename it the exec villiage! I spoke with Tom Piazze at Wharton again this morning, about a reduction in the financial commit. He was not receptive, and in the past, I've suggested energy outsourcing for the University, and more recently discussing their broadband needs. Others here have thought about this at Enron like the California University system. Jeremy Blachman and I are going to run with this in a more direct approach and see what happends. I would like to bring this person in for an interview. I think he would be very helpful in developing models and structures. Thanks Jen Dear Ms. Fraser, I am writing after having heard from a contact at Enron that you are seeking a number of people to fill various vacancies at your Houston office. If this is the case I would very much like to be considered for one of these vacancies. As you will notice from the attached Curriculum Vitae I am currently employed as an Energy Markets Consultant at Wood Mackenzie in Edinburgh, the energy consultancy arm of Deutsche Bank. My prior work experience includes two years as a Gas Markets Analyst for a Management Consultancy firm in London, time as an Energy Journalist covering the European gas and electricity markets and a year long spell as an academic Research Assistant. This allowed me to build, develop and hone to a high standard the essential skills of financial, strategic, business and economic analysis. Having majored in Management Accountancy I am well versed in undertaking analysis tasks of this type at both a micro and macro level, from both a qualitative and quantitative approach. Given the opportunity, I feel confident I could make an immediately tangible contribution to the work of Enron. If this is incompatible with your systems please do not hesitate to contact me and I will send it in a different format. I apologise in advance for this unsolicited approach. If you feel that there is a likelihood that my skills and background could potentially be of interest to Enron I look forward hopefully to hearing from you in due course. Intercontinental Exchange enrollment I will call them today to get a separate id for you. It should take them about a day to get a new id for you. I will push them to get this to me by tomorrow. I will give you a call as soon as I get it.