You would interview approximately 4-6 candidates. A vital part of the process is determining which candidates will receive offers to join the Program. We would like for you to facilitate the decision making meeting. We will provide the administrative assistance. Your assistance and input would be greatly appreciated. Please let me know as soon as possible of your availability. By the way thanks for the help you have provided with Penn at both the graduate and undergraduate level. With the Texaco Chevron merger, I'd like to get some insight into their organizations. Particularly Texaco, since they have two trading offices, one in Whit Plains, the other here. This set up for them has never worked well, and I'd like to talk to some of the better Texaco traders, if there are any. Can you get me the schedule as to which schools will be here on those dates. Super Saturday Participation Jeff, To ensure that the business units are involved in the recruiting of top quality candidates I am requesting your assistance in the Super Saturday that is scheduled for either Saturday, November 4th, November 11th or December 9th. You would interview approximately 4-6 candidates. A vital part of the process is determining which candidates will receive offers to join the Program. We would like for you to facilitate the decision making meeting. We will provide the administrative assistance. Your assistance and input would be greatly appreciated. Please let me know as soon as possible of your availability. By the way thanks for the help you have provided with Penn at both the graduate and undergraduate level. No problem leaving things here for a while. We're working on buying a small but choice collection of Mayodon, Lenoble and Cazaux, I'll tell you if we get it, will you come a runnin? many things Hi Ben, No problem if you want to invoice me. I'm not ready for you to ship the goods to me, though, and probably won't be for a few weeks, as I move into the new digs. many things the dragonfly table I already sold the other one , the pair of Guimard pots, and the Robalbhen ceramic apple. the Tiffany lotus bell lamp, which was 59,000 and we told you 52. The very tall Rozenburg iris vase, which was 14,000 and we told you 12. The Rozenburg with 2 butterflies that looks like Gustav Klimt, 6,500 to 5,750. The Mougin ceramic of 3 mice and a bug, 1,950-1,700 6. The Galle desk that has waited for you 95-79 and that's a lot of love. What did I buy from you in this most recent batch? I wanted to make a bill for you for the table and ceramic pieces, is that ok? There's a great day-long symposium in conjunction with the Art Nouveau show which I saw on Friday, and which is, incidentally, much bigger and better than the one in London was which I'm going to, and I would love to be able to tour around the show with you. Also, Macklowe Gallery is having a cocktail party that night for our clients, friends, experts, and assorted fabulous hangers-on. You'll get an invite in the mail, but I wanted to give you advance notice since I know how hectic your schedule is. I hope it was an easy and meaningful fast for you, and that this year brings you happiness beyond your wildest imagination. No problem if you want to invoice me. I'm not ready for you to ship the goods to me, though, and probably won't be for a few weeks, as I move into the new digs. many things the dragonfly table I already sold the other one , the pair of Guimard pots, and the Robalbhen ceramic apple. the Tiffany lotus bell lamp, which was 59,000 and we told you 52. The very tall Rozenburg iris vase, which was 14,000 and we told you 12. The Rozenburg with 2 butterflies that looks like Gustav Klimt, 6,500 to 5,750. The Mougin ceramic of 3 mice and a bug, 1,950-1,700 6. The Galle desk that has waited for you 95-79 and that's a lot of love. What did I buy from you in this most recent batch?