Plese see changes to the History and Customers Contracts sections requested. The 2nd bullet is true in the recent past, but not necessarily going forward. I'd have to check with Jan tomorrow if the 4th bullet is in the ballpark. Neither of these bullets represent a timeframe - Gina said this is very high level. I guess the last bullet kind of sums up our caveat. Gina said she had been running this all past Rod. ppt Jan, I had a number from you for one of the presentations we put together, but I wasn't sure if it was the final, actuals for 2001. Please let me know if you need anything else from me. Thanks, Lindy I am planning to take take vacation days on March 8 11 and on March 29 April 1. Please let me know if there are any scheduling conflicts. Thanks, Lindy I tried to find the original spreadsheet that I'm sure you sent me where you calculated these quarterly rates, but I can't find it. My question is, I think we used just demand dollars so I don't think commodity is in here - how is it that the San Juan rates are above the maximum. There really aren't any surcharges for San Juan to Thoreau transactions. Can you try to look at this to see why the rate might be averaging greater than max? The first slide is the flyer to be distributed to the parents in the kids' bags. The second slide I'll print to put on a large manila envelope for the each classroom door. Let me know your comments and I'll run it past someone in the office this evening or on Monday and try to have the envelopes out on Monday. I'll collect the checks each evening when I pick-up Sam. The first bullet and the third bullet are from the same source as the graph, The California Energy Commission. Specifically, it's from their "California Natural Gas Analysis and Issues" Staff Report, dated November 2000. That's the source of the numbers on this slide. I didn't know how much detail we should get into. Ramona, am I using the correct terminology? They are not going to confirm in Cycle 1. They are just going to let us fill-in where El Paso filled-up all the capacity downstream. I had been meaning to reply to your message you sent to Tony me a few weeks ago, after you showed us the houses on Winter Wheat. I saw this morning that 66 Winter Wheat had an option pending I love that house! But, we are not in a position yet to make a decision about moving, so I guess it wasn't meant to be. If we do decide that we're coming to the Woodlands, we will be calling you to look for a house. We really enjoyed meeting you and think that it would be great to work with you to look for a home. Lindy Just wanted to let you know I had a phone message from Nancy Mallard sp? The James Avery catalog has some sterling silver charms for a bracelet or a necklace that are bugs. I left her a message and told her I thought it sounded like a great idea. I told her we would get back with her after next week collecting donations to see if she would like to purchase one to donate for the basket or if she could provide us with the catalog because I don't receive that one. I've already looked on the internet to see if I could get a look. Lindy Here is the projected subscribed capacity and revenue through 2010. Please review it to determine all of this info is appropriate to be provided to the rating agencies. I'm assuming we have Confidentiality Agreements with the rating agencies. They just got my phone and computer hooked-up I'm on 39 now. 30 on Monday in her office to discuss Transwestern customer accounts. Please let me know if you have a conflict with this time. Thanks, Lindy I talked with Steve about this bullet.