Lindy Let me know if we're syncing-up. If we're off in June - Dec, check what I have for the Red Rock Adm Ctrc I know Dennis made some changes. I think I have the most current, but possibly not. Could you check the contract file for me and look at the amendment history to confirm that the agreement did not have a year or longer term? You had asked to see a final copy of our presentation. We may have a couple of inserts by Friday. Please call me or Steve if you have any questions. What if we're taking bids on future capacity and we're trying to get revenue that is incremental to reservations charges we're not necessarily being paid yet? I realize it will probably have to be something that is published. The historical average rates should be assumed for the resubscription of Ea st and Ignacio to Blanco capacity rolling-off during this time period. The forward curves that have been discussed represent the value of capacity to California, not East to East or Ignacio to Blanco capacity. I don't think that max rates for the capacity represented in these groups is appropriate. 1020 is appropriate for the San Juan group. The appropriate max rate for the West group is. The volume of Ignacio to Blanco capacity available for resubscription shoul d be reduced. Today, we have contracts from Ignacio to the Blanco Hub that then continue on Transwestern on another contract. Jan and I will look at t he Ignacio capacity that has historically continued on Transwestern south o f the Blanco Hub vs. We will come up wi th a to be applied to the Ignacio to Blanco capacity that should be resub scribed at a zero rate or the capacity to be resubscribed can be reduced - whichever is easier to put in the model. Dan asked me for a copy of the offer we sent to SoCal on the billing issue. Do you still have it electronically if so, could you forward it to Dan? He's interested in the excel spreadsheet with the impact. These contracts were then dropped after 2005. I continued the extensions through 2006. Rick, for your review, Amy Mulligan gave me the volumes each month for Calpine Griffith. We used actual volumes delivered not scheduled volumes , per question 19. We may have a "strategy" slide to insert Friday as well. Happy birthday dear Margy, happy birthday to you! I hope everyone is well and coping with all that has happened. My mom Charlie are coming for a visit next week. They were flying, but now they're driving. I think we could all get into the whole family truckster thing again. What did the doctor have to say about her germ thing, etc? I hope you all are working through that ok. I hope you are doing something special for your birthday - going out to dinner with your family kids and/or maybe a night out with just Brett you - there's a treat!