The other issue we could take into consideration here is displacement. This is the most conservative capacity reservation policy. Our current position after discussions about a month ago has been that we are concerned about filing anything in the 637 docket because it would stir-up segmentation and for now we want to let that sleeping dog lie. After further discussion we decided that the one thing, most narrowly defined, that would really help us out with our imbalances is mandatory cash-out in constrained areas. If defined this narrowly, this is something for which we can clearly demonstrate an operational need based upon historical allocation and imbalance data. We think that we could make a 30 day tariff filing for this one change and have minimum risk of entanglement with the overall 637 filing. Lyn Terry are going to pull together the last 12 months of data for constrained areas on our pipe Ignacio to Blanco, Blanco to Thoreau, Thoreau to the border check with Darrell for any other areas that should be included and increased imbalance levels. We plan to get together next week to discuss further. James, please find the file attached with the SoCal amounts in dispute as we discussed. Let me know if you need any further assistance. Richard, We are meeting tomorrow afternoon internally to discuss a possible SoCal settlement position. Could you verify the amounts from March, 2001 through September, 2001 by lunch time tomorrow? I want to make sure I have the most current information. Also, have we been billing interest on the disputed amounts? I don't see anything in the invoice system. Attached is a spreadsheet where James has calculated the interest owed by SoCal. The system does not generate an interest invoice until the disputed amount is paid. Then, based upon when it's paid, the interest is calculated. Could all y'all check my work before I send this out to everyone? Kim asked me to send the attached spreadsheet to you. This is a complete list as of 9-17-01 of all long-term contracts seasonal or longer. The receipt and delivery areas are noted. We could update the presentation when the numbers are published. Please print a few copies of this spreadsheet and take them to Tracy in her meeting this morning. Attached is a revised offer per our conference call yesterday. The 2nd tab has the calculations as well as for the other alternatives we discussed. I have the 3rd one on my screen background. I'm glad you liked everything and it fits. I hope you can find a tiny little picture of his sweet little face to put in his blue bejeweled frame. He says pickle, boat, nose, eyes, daddy's car, grandma this is when he's referring to Tony with a blanket wrapped around his head like a scarf , milk, water, beans, hush chloe I get binky. They're staying at Tony's grandma's house. Anthony is very excited and wanted to know if they could get him some "camo" Friday night it's all about the clothes these days. It's good that you're going into work and getting out of the house. I hope you're able to get some more sleep. I'm sure it won't seem soon enough, but you will get to sleep again sometime in the next year or so It does sound like a long time when you say it out loud. I'm excited that Khalid will be baptized by your friend. He sounds like an enlightened man and I think it's nice for him to recognize both your and Ahmed's faith.