Just about all I need these days - light funny not too much brain power. Well, please take the time to celebrate this day - the day we all lucked out and you were born! Spend some time with your mom dad - they were both there And remember the best birthday gift you ever got - the gift of this life - what more wonderful thing could there be? It was a gift to all of us that have the pure pleasure of knowing you, Margy. My life would not be the same without you I love you miss you, my friend. Please let me know if you have any questions. Thanks, Lindy Attached is the spreadsheet updated for the I to I deals. Please see the first tab for summarized info. Attached is the list of items and prices. I'll put a check for 37 in Amanda's bag today if I'm there before you or tomorrow. It might be today if I can arrange to meet Rita to drop-off my items to her during lunch. Maybe I'll get to see you there dropping-off stuff - I'd love to see everything picked-out. Please let me know if you have any questions. Thanks, Lindy This is the speadsheet we have been working off of for the 2010 model that Kevin Howard is running. Please let me know if you have questions or would like me to summarize this for you in a more useful format for your reference. Lindy Steve Harris asked me to forward these slides of the Red Rock expansion and Sun Devil project. I have reviewed the La Plata Facilities O O Agreement. Lee, could you please review the same and see if you agree with this assessment? If we did obtain their approval, future O M cost attributable to the pigging facilities could be shared among the owners. We've agreed to a flat fee for 2000 through 2003 with a 3. Demonstrate that the pigging will add incremental transmission capacity. If they participate, they share in the cost at their ownership interest, but they get a share of the incremental capacity at their ownership interest. If they don't indicate a desire to participate in 60 days, we can proceed with the Expansion without any approval, but also no cost sharing. Also, any incremental O M associated with an expansion cannot be passed on to any owners not participating in such expansion. I think if we went the Special Services route, we would need to justify the need for these facilities to maintain the integrity and efficiency of the facilities at current levels. I think we would spend alot of time arguing this with them and in the end they would probably approve it subject to them not incurring any cost. How difficult would it be to demonstrate that these facilities are necessary for maintaining the current operating levels of the facilities? To save us the 60 days notice period of an Expansion, I think we should notify them that it's a necessary Special Service and ask for approval to pass along their share of the cost , but to be prepared to eat 100 of the costs to obtain their timely approval and proceed with the installation of the facilities. In this event we would need to agree on the inclusion of future O M attributable to these facilities. 3 since they have not executed the Amendment that has been tendered to them 3 times, first by me and twice by Lynn Blair. I just wanted to say it was good to see you the other day, though brief Let's get together soon for lunch or something. Extension of SoCal's mainline /or San Juan lateral contracts. We've apparently been inconsistent in our interpretation for different purposes reporting and system mod's, etc. and want to get it all straight. Elizabeth, can you come to th 13th floor and then we'll grab a room/table/office and call Maria? I need the total dollars both the Operating and Market Services together. Whatever was the agreed to budget for 2001 on the Blanco Hub and whatever that flat fee is for the 3 years on the La Plata Facilities. And then he would also like to know revenue in the 2002 Plan dependent on excess fuel sales - let's use the Plan numbers as submitted in Nov.