This may be the time the market to California is not so hot to try to implement this. I know we will have to look hard at the cost of the system modifications required and whether we can justify them. Let me know if you think these are not the right assumptions. Per our discussions yesterday, I did find an Iroquois Gas Transmission System, L. Order On Rehearing in my file, dated August 5, 1997 in Docket No. Allocate based on the highest percentage of the maximum rate - the rate used being the rate for the package of services that includes those secondary rights. The Commission maintains that all firm capacity, once scheduled, be curtailed pro rata, without regard to price. We spoke briefly with Randy this morning and let him know that Richardson took the gas in Dec the 22-31. He wants to wait to change the volume until the 12th. We told him you would let him know later today the amount he should nominate for Jan 12-31. Please confirm or correct and forward to Randy when you get in this afternoon. Please see the attached PowerPoint presentation. Please let me know if there are any conflicts with this schedule. I will not be able to be at the meeting. Please let me know if it will be rescheduled or when we can meet to discuss. I'm sorry I wasn't in this morning. Can you fill me in on the meeting when you have time? to discuss Transwestern's pending Order No. I've summarized them in the attached spreadsheet so we can keep track of our variables. I will be sending you additional info for the various cases. This Wed or Thurs, could you update the monthly Cal '02 prices for me again? Permian San Juan SoCalGas Hopefully, this will be the last time. I just wanted to refresh the numbers one more time. Here is a diagram of the general segment capacities on Transwestern for the past 2006 analysis. Please let me know if you have any questions. Here's the spreadsheet with numbers for the 3 cases. Please refer to the Assumptions tab updated numbers in the Summary, Fuel Price Rates tabs.