Do I get a discount as a returning customer? What is the delivered price including Fedex. Kitchen aka Louise Nettelton The following people have been identified as no longer with the company although they are on the Netco list. Please let Kari know on any changes Jeanie is out. I assume there are no problems but if so let me know. Larry Hunter - Documentation Deidre McCaffrey - Gas Origination Larry Cash - Gas Settlements Jon Lewis - Risk Shawn We have had a lot of discussion on the contractual arrangements we would need to put in place in order to recommence trading as quickly as possible. I am working on producing a fuller list for you today. In order to ensure that we start this process as quickly as possible we are looking to complete the filing documentation in advance of the bankruptcy decision on our future. Can you talk to the appropriate commercial people and get them to decide? Did you give John a copy? The meeting is to try and get portland back in line on timings - we clearly should not be in a position to trade physically immediately but within a month. Good point - assume for now that we are running identical trading books as it should be easy to cut the ones we do not want. Obviously we shouldn't bother with bridgeline, peoples or anything like that. East Orig was dessimated - we really need to staff up quickly. Dave has some ideas of people and costs. Can you get together on getting some people. Obviously we still do not have a deal but the deadline is approaching and preparations need to be finalized. - i Re-start/Integration Plans due on Jan 7 To be forwarded to Louise These plans need to be detailed and show clear detailed timelines and detailed responsibilities for getting us up and running as soon as possible. To be forwarded to Faith Killen First year budget to include all start up costs some of which can be amortized iii Seating Plans Tammy Shepperd to co-ordinate We need to start the planning process for seating as we will be living on floors 5 6 of the Enron South building. I have asked Tammy Shepperd to commence the seating plan and we would look to start the moves as soon as possible but with a large number occuring around January 11,2002. iv Due Diligence We continue the process with two new companies this week Wednesday and Thursday. Andy Zipper is taking the lead for the company arriving on Wednesday, please help him with his requirements. I would ask that both John and I are notified of any changes to the Netco personnel list on a timely fashion and that the list is maintained on a continual basis. Please forward all alterations to Jeanie Slone who has responsibility for the master list. Communication - I believe that the New Year combined with a internal communication issues may be a good time to review what we want to say on Netco and what our policies are. I am asking David Oxley to co-ordinate with all of you on this. I know a lot of you believe that we need to only communicate once we have retention programme in place for the estate which may be a good idea but we we need to make sure that we lose as few people as possible. If you are unavailable this week, please ensure you delegate this work out. Happy New Year Louise On Wednesday morning we will be commencing the Due Diligence process with another counterparty. Andy Zipper has agreed to lead their team through the process. It may be better to split up earlier but I leave all those decisions to Andy. Tammie - please organize lunch and refreshments etc. Assume Big Pig will bring 8 people. As I never approved this, I just wondered if the rumours were true that we did spend money on this trip. Let me know Just when you thought it was safe We need to start working on getting everyone together who is in Netco in time for the sale of the company. The ideal move time would be either this week-end or the next. The idea is that everyone 856 resides on 5 and 6 in the new building. But essentially the organisation is just a smaller version of what we have today. All commercial people on 6, non-commerical on 5. We would need to plan for an office to be created in the room next to mine but hold off on implementing that piece.