We have for the last couple of weeks started to compile the Re-start/Integration Plans for Netco. We now need to focus on the commercial plans which have a slightly different focus. John and I would like to receive the plans "Re-start/Integration" plans by January 7th, 2002 in order to go through them individually with each of you or in groups. The focus should be to ensure that we have as much of the business up and running in the shortest time possible. I have a suggested outline which you do not have to use but I thought it might help. Please decide within yourselves the areas you will cover together or individually. Surprize So if I cancel - obviously as I didn't go. Can I then reclaim the economy ones I booked for my parents and brother instead as I did not take my 2001 entitlement. A lot cheaper still than three business seats. As I never used them - when do they get refunded - we then need to net off on expenses and reclaim the family ones. I have never received any expense in my bank account, probably due to the difference in the names on the systems. This is a huge issue and I need to know how much money is missing immediately and how this gets resolved. I would think that we issued them in 'Kitchen' and therefore they were bounced by my account which is in 'Nettelton'. I may be wrong if this is a common problem. Please check all expenses going back all year. This is a huge number which state they have been paid and have not hit my bank account. 40 Plus I have a cheque for a prior expense which bounced which is for about 4000. In pre- petition expenses this is clearly more than 5000. In post petition - I also have expenses pending which will bounce if the name on the payee does not correspond to the account holder name. Tammie - please work on this as our highest priority tomorrow. I can't find the payment in my acco9unt. The view is that the CapEx hold is across the company and your counterpart probably hasn't raised the issue of buying anything with higher management. Suffice to say our guys have confirmed they don't think the bid is real. Its pretty critical as the other one is not. One of our potential buyers will be here at 9am on Thursday. The scope of the meeting is to run through the integration schedule. This is a very broad agenda and will probably be very interactive. I tried to put Ops first but it really doesn't make sense. This really is a really rough agenda for you guys to decide upon but I wanted to set out the areas they wish to cover. Some time during the morning they want a tour of the facilities - I am arranging with Bill Donovan. I have already registered several domaine names in the interest of getting up and running as soon as possible post sale of the business. I have experience of delays as we have tried to retrieve domaine names where people have squatted intentionally in order to extract large sums of cash. Should any of the buyers raise any issues - I do intend to use these for the purposes of our new business. I have a lot of them - spurious and real. Louise Tammie They know you are picking up the tickets - you will need a photo id too. You need to be in your seats 30 minutes before the show - get a cocktail to take in - I recommend the 'O'. You probably should pick up your tickets at an earlier time than the show as the queues are horrible just before showtime. Louise Thank you for purchasing your tickets through the Bellagio Web site. Only the credit card holder may pick up tickets. Third-party billing will not be accepted. Tickets may be picked up at the Bellagio Ticket Office at your earliest convenience, but no later than one hour prior to showtime. Otherwise, your reservation is subject to cancellation. Ticket office hours are 9am to 11pm Friday through Tuesday 9am to 9pm Wednesday and Thursday. Theatre doors open one hour prior to showtime. Please be seated 30 minutes prior to the performance. Late arrivals will be seated at the proper interval during the performance. No cameras or recording devices are permitted inside the Theatre.