We recognize that we are experiencing a difficult time at Enron now and you are all interfacing with our customers every day. Here's what I have so far who are we supposed to tell about this? Current position initial margin 60mm out. John Arnold will tomorrow bring a large portion of this back by moving positions to our Paribas credit line we have a 75mm line which we are only using 15mm of. If the vehicle is rolled, then we could look to use the additional capacity. So that's good, we should be able to get some of this off. Contact Dave Forster and co-ordinate with him. Can you sende the attachment to all of the people ex Enron only on the lists see in attachment and copy to Par Odonnell and Mark Bridges - Dave Forster has their emails. How much money does Mariner have in the bank? Our natural gas business continues to benefit from effective account management and resource allocation focused on identifying and responding to the needs of our varied customers. Producer/Wellhead Group The current mid-market, origination and wellhead pricing activity currently within the Central and Eastern Gas Regions will be consolidated with the Derivatives group under Fred Lagrasta. This will create a single business unit focused upon the needs of the producing industry within the Eastern U. and Texas will remain unchanged reporting to Mark Whitt and Brian Redmond respectively. Strategic Asset Development Laura Luce will move from her role in the Central Region to lead an effort focused strictly on identifying and entering into long-term strategic arrangements within the Central and Eastern Regions. This initiative will focus on a limited number of selected markets that provide strategic opportunities for partnering in asset development, asset management and optimization. This effort will continue to work very closely with the regional leads. Central Origination and Mid-Market Frank Vickers will continue his current role in the Eastern Region and will assume the leadership role for Mid-Market and Origination activity in the Central Region. There will be no changes to the West and Texas Origination groups headed respectively by Barry Tycholiz and Brian Redmond. Please join us in congratulating Fred, Laura and Frank in their new roles. We are going to ask Kim's group to help pull information for credit public domaine information in order to help accelerate the credit process as his group is heavily stretched at the moment. Our natural gas business continues to benefit from effective account management and resource allocation focused on identifying and responding to the needs of our varied customers. Producer/Wellhead Group The current mid-market, origination and wellhead pricing activity currently within the Central and Eastern Gas Regions will be consolidated with the Derivatives group under Fred Lagrasta. This will create a single business unit focused upon the needs of the producing industry within the Eastern U. and Texas will remain unchanged reporting to Mark Whitt and Brian Redmond respectively. Strategic Asset Development Laura Luce will move from her role in the Central Region to lead an effort focused strictly on identifying and entering into long-term strategic arrangements within the Central and Eastern Regions. This initiative will focus on a limited number of selected markets that provide strategic opportunities for partnering in asset development, asset management and optimization. This effort will continue to work very closely with the regional leads. Central Origination and Mid-Market Frank Vickers will continue his current role in the Eastern Region and will assume the leadership role for Mid-Market and Origination activity in the Central Region. Barry Tycholiz and Brian Redmond continues to respectively run the West Gas and the Texas Gas Origination Groups. Please join us in congratulating Fred, Laura and Frank in their new roles. They're not having the baby then. Its still going on - quite boring though. How far is that the airport they usually fly too from downtown. It is probably a good idea to go and stay downtown. Would you mind doing the following 1. Ring Teresa at Jaegar and ask if she can get me another plum top sleeveless. Could you check on my appointment at Manos y Mas that I have a standing appointment every two weeks. I would like to have a pedicure every 4 weeks at the samr time as my manicure. So I have an appointment every two weeks going forward for amanicure and a pedicure every 4 weeks. The pedicure needs to be with someone else so its at the same time. Could you start working on the Trip to the uk at xMas. I need a chauffeur when we arrive to take us either to Kings Cross to get a train or go all the way home. Kelly Ferrari will have the name od ac chauffeur company. I also need the name of some apartments in London to stay in from Jill Whitehead - could you try ringing her - she has a web address. I am not expecting any of this today, but its nice to have things to look forward to.