As you know I have Business Flights home each year under my contract. Any difference in the cost I intend to cover or offset against the cheques from expenses which bounced until we can figure out whether Enron intends to meet expense payments. Retention pool to be established 50mm 75 cash 25 stock. This money to be provided by the Buyer outside of the established Bonus pool. Please find attached details for the forthcoming Enron Americas Management Offsite. There are group actions which need to be completed before arriving in Beaver Creek. The Offsite will involve meetings, mountain biking and white water rafting grade 3 , so please bring appropriate clothing. For those who have not been rafting before appropriate clothing would be swimwear, sports shoes, hat, shorts and T-shirt. The accommodation will be in condominiums in Beaver Creek and room assignments are also attached below. Transportation The attached agenda outlines the transportation requirements for those departing from Houston. Dorie Hitchcock will be contacting those of you separately who are not traveling to and from Houston. Video You each have been assigned to a group for the sole purpose of completing a video prior to attending the Offsite. The purpose of this video is to provide a comic interlude to the proceedings. The videos will be seen prior to dinner on Friday night at Saddleridge. Each team has been given a title which is open to interpretation see attached spreadsheet. i Attendees and Teams for Video ii Draft Agenda Any questions or concerns should be addressed to Dorie Hitchcock Ext 36978 We look forward to seeing you in Beaver Creek. We now have a structure in place dealing with Enron Americas estate and ensuring that we best maximize all of our contractual and asset positions. This team will be headed by Don Miller going forward please help him and the team as this is our highest priority. Some areas of this organization remain blank and will be completed by Don and the head of the appropriate business unit. There are some areas which will also be dual tasking for a period. I thought it was pretty crappy. Not good really for me as I was finally hoping to get paid this year. In the budget numbers we had a headcount of 638. I would like a list of all of those employees of Enron North America, with work numbers, home phone numbers, cell phones and pagers. It may be easy to do this by looking at the floor plans for the new buildings. Note the mosquito problem in Houston see below ! She Mauy have been told she had people but Nobody had started. Mary is working up all the options on severance and furloughs. She will have all the data and legal perspectives whenever we need to push a botton if we button. How are you doing with sierra pacific - I really need it? I called tom at 830 this morning. Can you make sure Marcus Nettelton has three screens. Keep working the deal - I left Tom a voicemail. Now we have the cash you can work the deals at a b it slower pace - use your judgement. I still want as much of that money as possible. Canada appears to be an issue. There are two main points, because of our current history our customers will not contract lightly with a subsidiary with no guarantee and secondly the credit group are asking for guarantees from our customers. Please let me know how we can progress on this. New numbers for some people, could you please get these done asap including the new wording taking out any contingencies. We are expecting them to start flowing in one hour.