John was told that I had a problem with this. I haven't had a conversation on this since 1999. At that time I sidelined the issue as it was complex, bearing in mind everything else that was going on. I would suggest you and Mark address tis together. I have no idea who told John this as I haven't had a dizcussion on this issue since 1999. not being able to access our own reports - this is the second time I have asked. Or is there someone else I should be asking? Heads Up, I spoke to Jonathon this evening. I confirmed that Dynegy had been speaking to Eric Shaw at length. I think the only reason Jonathan got the job was that he asked for less money. My contract is in Kitchen and I have done the drugs test, benefits etc in Nettelton. Please could you let me know as soon as possible. We need a back up plan for when you are away because Kim is away too. We have recently needed some screens, pcs etc for new starters. Obviously this is a bit of a peculiar time to buy something when we are on the point of moving. What is happening behind the scenes on this issue - do you go an buy new ones or is someone substituting ones that are now redundent? Before Matt left he deposited a confidentiality agreement on my desk which dates back to August 6, 2001. Expenditure verification You have purchased some new computer screens - any particular reason when we all get in the new building? If you have an issue you need to ring Eric Gonzales. He shouldn't have had the meeting - there is a lack of integrity on this. I went up to Chicago last week and noticed the lack of flat panels in the office. They are going to start with Calgary and Toronto. I don't just mean the logon I mean the domaine name too, once you are in EnronOnline you need to stay on www. Joe Deffner needs to take responsibility for reducing these costs and ensuring that our allocations are appropriate - the ones that really stand out to me are Kelly Boots and Glisan. Joe needs to get comfortable with their allocation methodology. I found the meeting which was when I was in Chicago - please let me know when I am missing such meetings just for my information. Please move when you get in tomorrow Move Geof and Steve til Wednesday Move Hotte until end of week Move Calger to Thursday  Why can't I consume alcohol on Atkins? You should not drink alcohol during Induction, but you can drink moderate amounts of alcohol during the Ongoing Weight Loss, Pre-maintenance and Maintenance phases of the Atkins Nutritional Approach. When given the choice, your body will burn alcohol for energy before it burns fat. But alcohol does not act as a carbohydrate so it will not interfere with burning fat in the same way that sugars and other carbohydrates do. Alcohol consumption may also increase yeast-related symptoms, such as bloating, gas and cravings for sweets, and can therefore interfere with weight loss. Beer, which contains yeast, probably has the most yeast-forming components of any alcohol. An occasional glass of wine or vodka is the best choice. Scotch and other grain-based spirits are more likely to promote yeast problems. Use only mixers that contain no sugar or fruit juices. Even tonic water contains carbs and regular soda is made with sugar. Seltzer, club soda, mineral water and non-aspartame diet sodas are better alternatives. I wouldn't mind seeing your sofa if you still have it. We still haven't got this finalized - I'm looking to do this this week otherwise I would have to start agreeing with Bill that we have to pull them. Can you check on my flight reimbursement? Here's my first pass on our 1-30.