Mark, We need a few links to added to the East Power Web Site. Thanks, Paul Heart Doctor Mechanic A mechanic was removing a cylinder head from the motor of a Harley, when he spotted a world-famous heart surgeon in his shop. The heart surgeon was waiting for the service manager to come take a look at his bike. The surgeon paused, smiled and leaned over, and whispered to the mechanic. " Heart Doctor Mechanic A mechanic was removing a cylinder head from the motor of a Harley, when he spotted a world-famous heart surgeon in his shop. The heart surgeon was waiting for the service manager to come take a look at his bike. The mechanic shouted across the garage, "Hey Doc can I ask you a question? " The famous surgeon, a bit surprised, walked over to the mechanic working on the motorcycle. The mechanic straightened up, wiped his hands on a rag and asked, "So Doc, look at this engine. I also can open hearts, take valves out, fix 'em, put in new parts and when I finish this will work just like a new one. So how come I get a pittance and you get the really big money, when you and I are doing basically the same work? " The surgeon paused, smiled and leaned over, and whispered to the mechanic. If you have any questions please let me know. under which the Seller pays a Floating Price and the Buyer pays the price submitt ed by Counterparty on the Website the Fixed Price in respect of the Notio nal Quantity per Determination Period. The Notional Quantity per Determinat ion Period shall be the volume submitted by Counterparty on the Website, mu ltiplied by the number of applicable hours in such Determination Period. Ea ch calendar month during the term of the Transaction will be a Determinatio n Period provided that, if the term of the Transaction is less than one ca lendar month the Determination Period shall be the term of the Transaction. The Payment Date s for Transactions which are less than one month will be the fifth 5th Business Day following the last day of the month that incl udes the Determination Period. The Payment Date s for Transactions which a re one month or longer will be the fifth 5th Business Day following the d ate on which the Floating Price is determinable. The term of the Transactio n shall correspond to the date s set forth in the Product description on t he Website. The Floating Price during a Determination Period shall be the a verage of the hourly prices listed in the Index for electricity delivered d uring Peak hours on each Delivery Day during the applicable Determination P eriod. From Atlantic to Pacific, from the Arctic to the U. "In many ways, this drought is the same tune that's being played right across the country. It's a different look, different season and different impact, but nevertheless, everybody has a water shortage problem in many parts of the country," said David Phillips, a senior climatologist with Environment Canada. Whether it's fires raging in the forests of British Columbia and Quebec, barren Prairie plains or harsh restrictions on water usage in Ontario, many will remember the summer of 2001. We've had normal summer in terms of rain. But we knew back in March with the low snowpack that if we had a normal summer we were going to be in trouble," said Jim Mattison, Water Management Director for B. But the devastation is most apparent in Canada's breadbasket, the Prairies. Many farmers, especially in southern Alberta and Saskatchewan, have already written off their crops. I have never in my life, ever, seen anything like this," Norman Stienwand, a farmer in Castor, Alberta, told Reuters. It's beyond your imagination," said Stienwand who farms 1,080 hectares 2,700 acres of grains and oilseeds and also raises beef cattle.