Electric Generation Siting and the Environment has accepted as complete its application to build the Brookhaven Energy Project on Long Island. The Siting Board's decision marks the beginning of the State's formal review process, and is a key regulatory milestone for the 580- megawatt natural gas fired electric generating facility. The ruling kicks- off a yearlong review process that will involve public hearings. International Power submitted the application for their proposed energy facility with the Siting Board, as required under Article X of the State of New York Public Service Law, on June 25, 2001. This application, which the State ruled as meeting the minimum requirements for compliance, addresses all of the pertinent environmental and siting issues of the project, including its design, location, fuel use, and air and water quality. The Brookhaven Energy project is proposed for development on 28 acres of industrially zoned land just south of the Long Island Expressway at exit 66 and along the southeast corner of Sills Road in the Town of Brookhaven. When completed, the plant will provide enough energy to power over half a million homes. The project will also result in additional significant benefits to the region, including job creation and substantial tax benefits.  Kim, we would like to extend a formal offer to Reagan J. Mathews who is currently working for Enron Broadband. Please forward the formal documentation to Reagan so that the transfer to East Power can take place. Thanks, Paul X 3-0403 Meeting tomorrow in the big conference room 3. 1 New schedule 2 Off Peak Products 3 Next Day Real Time Products Hey hooonea, How are you doing this morning? Anyways, I was just talking with Tareen and they want to do something Thursday. You keep one and give one to your neighbor. You vote people into office who tax your cows, forcing you to sell one to raise money to pay the tax. The people you voted for then take the tax money and buy a cow and give it to your neighbor. The government takes one and gives it to your neighbor. The government seizes both and provides you with milk. The government seizes both and sells you the milk. You join the underground and start a campaign of sabotage. The government taxes you to the point you have to sell both to support a man in a foreign country who has only one cow, which was a gift from your government. You sell one, buy a bull, and build a herd of cows. The government takes them both, shoots one, milks the other, pays you for the milk, then pours the milk down the drain. You sell one, and force the other to produce the milk of four cows. You are surprised when the cow drops dead. You go on strike because you want three cows. You redesign them so they are one-tenth the size of an ordinary cow and produce twenty times the milk. You re-engineer them so they live for 100 years, eat once a month, and milk themselves. You have two cows, but you don't know where they are. You count them and learn you have five cows. You count them again and learn you have 42 cows. You count them again and learn you have 12 cows. You stop counting cows and open another bottle of vodka. You think you have two cows, but you don't know what a cow looks like. You have 5000 cows, none of which belongs to you. You enter into a partnership with an American corporation. Soon you have 1000 cows and the American corporation declares bankruptcy. Got a message from who I thought was you and hoopties last weekend. Hooptie left message that you and him wanted to talk to me? I had an extended vacation in Brazil due to the terrorist attacks, we ended up staying there for a week and half. Coupled with a sharp depreciation of the real currency, which has lost about one-fourth of its dollar value so far this year, and an overall economic slowdown, power rationing should hammer energy companies further in coming months. The government was forced to resort to tough power rationing in June, ordering Brazilians to knock 20 percent off their usual power consumption, in order to avert crippling blackouts amid an acute power shortage. Brazil is dependent on hydroelectric plants for over 90 percent of its electricity. Two years of drought and full use of power stations' capacity to feed a growing economy dried up reservoir levels and triggered the worst energy crisis in at least 30 years in Latin America's largest country. Rationing, due to last at least until November, means lower sales and revenues for power firms, while their costs and dollar-denominated debt get inflated by the real's losses. I think we can say that they are suffering the most.