I drive by and actually now I just shut my eyes and pretend I don't see it. It's just really, really, really dry," said Debbie Yuck, a farmer who lives near Ottawa and who has watched her corn whither and yellow over the past few weeks. "When they come on the radio every morning and say it's a beautiful sunny day, great to be at the cottage, I think a beautiful day would a good downpour for about 16 hours," said Yuck. Canada's largest city, Toronto, has experienced a record number of days with health alerts because of the heat and smog, with temperatures soaring as high as 37 C 99 F. Some Ontario residents now face fines for watering their yards. An Ontario woman was recently charged for dropping incendiary material near a forest after she threw her lit cigarette butt on a road in front of a police officer. "I would describe it maybe as the year with too much summer. " The hot, dry spell could be a blow to the national economy. By the time the final bill is tallied for lost crops, aiding farmers, battling forest fires and generating more electricity, it could run into the billions. Quebec's multibillion-dollar agricultural sector, which accounts for some 16 percent of the Canadian industry's revenues and produces 38 percent of the country's milk, has also been hard hit since early July. In southern Quebec, where it has not rained for five weeks despite bouts of high heat and humidity, vegetable farmers have been working around the clock to save sun-ravaged crops. The Atlantic provinces have also been caught in the oppressive heat, the result of massive high pressure systems in the United States that, for weeks, have blocked the circulation of other weather patterns trying to make their way north. Clouds of red dust follow behind potato producers working the parched fields on Prince Edward Island, growers who may lose 25 percent of their crop. Blueberries in Nova Scotia and New Brunswick have shriveled to look like raisins. "I think there are a majority of Canadians, probably, who can hardly wait for the winter. And I never thought I'd ever hear that," said Phillips. We only have one more day to go before the holiday. I can't wait to spend the week with you! I wanted to get you dad's email address. they are having trouble checking out a deal from October 5th. They sounded all twisted off so I told them that you would call them Monday. The guys name is Dave Antonides, I need to you to purchase Oasis for me for Friday, Sat, Sun, and Monday. I am unable to do it because it must be done the day b4. so tomorrow Thurs I will need to buy Fri Oasis. Friday you will be able to buy Oasis for Sat, Sun and Monday. Give me a call so I can walk you through it the first time Home 713-664-2178 Cell 281-787-0713 What is up g-dog? Seeing if maybe you want to grab some dinner this weekend with Tareen and the crew. It is not too late to register if you haven't already. 30pm on Wednesday, January 23rd Hyatt Regency Hotel 1200 Louisiana Street To register simply respond to this email saying you'll be there. 40am Let me know if you have any questions. here are my contact numbers while I am out? I am sure I do not understand the basis for the information but two reports seem to contradict.