The main problem for companies is that the government fixes electricity prices in Brazil -- even though most distributors had long been privatized -- and allows the adjustments to compensate for higher costs only once a year. Annex V is the biggest question for power firms. I was wondering if would be worthwhile to attend to course since you and Frank are coming to Houston the next week. Basically, do you think that you can give us the same information that the course would while you are here? I know that we have other items that need to go in the Toolbox to start. I will continue to send you a file like this one if ok for future items that need to be added. Paul Rika, Could you please add Reagan Mathews and David Ingram to your fundies e-mail distribution list. I am sending you our contact information while Willis and I are in New York. He is currently working at Enron under Jeff Donahue and his admin is Rosario Boling. Can you please contact his admin and exchange the necessary documentation so that he can join the group. They are the same ones I had last time except the frame is black instead of brown. Hey bunda, How are you doing this morning? I just took some medicine and I am drinking a sprite. Hoon was cold this morning in the house, running around making her lunch. 20 Reuters - In order to reaffirm the "precarious" status of French in North America, Quebecers should have their own citizenship, a provincial task force studying the status of the French language reported on Monday. But Quebecers would not get a new passport or be asked to choose between Quebec or Canadian citizenship, the report added. The goal is to make everyone, including new immigrants, English-speaking residents and native peoples, feel that they are part of Quebec, a French-speaking island in an English-dominated North America. The Quebec government reacted with caution to the recommendation of Quebec citizenship, saying on Monday that it shared the ideals that underlie the recommendation. "We do need to have a welcoming ritual for immigrants in order to send a clear message," said Diane Lemieux, minister responsible for the French language, adding that the government would undertake an update of its language policy. The language task force, which crisscrossed the predominantly French-speaking province, which is three times the size of France, over the past 12 months, unveiled 149 recommendations on Monday. It urged the Quebec government to ask for full control over immigration to ensure new arrivals will learn French, a recommendation that is not likely to please the federal government which controls immigration in conjunction with provincial governments. The report also recommends a provincial exam for all new teachers to test their fluency in French, and says that if they fail they should not be hired. It also proposes increasing teaching hours for French, delaying the introduction of English teaching in schools by several years, and protecting the rights of Quebecers to work in French. About 82 percent of Quebec's six million people describe French is their mother tongue. French has been Quebec's official language since 1974 and by law must dominate commercial signs, although other languages may also appear. 4 million people whose first language is not French. Language can be an emotional and divisive issue in Quebec, which has held two referendums on separating from Canada. In the last one, in 1995, Quebecers voted to remain in Canada only by a razor-thin margin.