Skilling and Lay also realized that the Gas Bank couldn't work unless it had a trading component. Myriad trades were needed to build the market that w ould make the project go. But by buying and selling enormous quantities of gas, Enron not only constructed a market but almost instantly came to domin ate it. The company had the best contacts, the best intelligence, and the b est access to supplies. That, in turn, attracted more customers who wanted to be part of the play. With so many customers in its pocket, Enron could b etter predict the direction of the market and could use that knowledge to m ake trades for its own benefit-Enron could in effect bet on which way the p rice of gas would go, as one might do with pork bellies or soybeans, but wi th startling accuracy, thereby generating profits higher than anyone could have ever imagined. He created, within Enron, a new culture to match its new trading busin ess. Mos t were deliberate, cautious, responsible, somewhat defensive people, most of them men, of course-the kind of people you'd expect to find working in an industry regulated by the federal government. Skilling wanted smart people but not just any smart people. He wanted the s martest people from schools like Harvard, Stanford, and maybe, Rice. And be cause his firm was now acting more like a bank than a pipeline company, he wanted to draw from the pool of recruits that would be attracted to the big gest and best investment banks, like Merrill Lynch or Credit Suisse First B oston. You were right for Enron if you didn't want to wait until you w ere thirty to close your own deals or move up in an organization. These were t he types that automatically turned down the company's first offer, knowing Enron would come back with more. Ma ybe it wasn't a fortune-yet-but the signing bonus, about 20,000, was more than enough for a lease on the obligatory Porsche Boxster or one of the lof ts being renovated close to downtown. Enron people didn't live in far-flun g suburbs. Suburbs were uncool and too far from the office. For the lucky winners, Enron offered the corporate equivalent of a gifted-a nd-talented program. New associates learned the latest techniques for struc turing energy deals, and there were rotations at Enron offices around the g lobe. The hours were long, but every possible need was taken care of. Of course, a lot of people who worked for Enr on never got to take vacations-they were too busy making money-but they cou ld use the company gym and the company's personal trainers. If they were ov erweight or wanted to quit smoking, they could join Enron's Wellness Progra m. Massages were offered six days a week, from seven in the morning until t en at night. Skilling handed out titles analogous to those at Wall Street firms-analysts , associates, directors, and managing directors-but everyone knew that thos e titles didn't really matter. Instead of competitive salaries a nd decent bonuses, Enron offered competitive salaries and merit-based bonus es-with no cap. Or, as the saying goes, you got to eat what you killed. Gas traders with two or three years of experience could wind up with a 1 million bonus. Real hot dogs join ed him glacier hiking in Patagonia, Land Cruiser racing in Australia, or of f-road motorcycling in a re-creation of the Baja 1,000 race, ending at a sp ectacular Mexican villa. By 1995 Enron had become North America's largest natural-gas merchant, controlling 20 percent of the market. Skilling and Lay belie ved the Gas Bank model could easily be applied to the electricity business. Firmly committed to the notion that a deregulated market meant better serv ice at lower prices for consumers and untold profits for Enron , they bega n barnstorming the country, pressing their case with entrenched power compa ny presidents who, with their multimillion-dollar salaries and monopoly se rvice areas, had little incentive to change and energy regulators who wer e somewhat more receptive, thanks in part to Enron's generous lobbying effo rts. But the biggest winner of all was probably Jeff Skilling. In 1997 Ken Lay m ade him the president and chief operating officer of the company. By then, the division known as Enron Capital and Trade Resources was the nations lar gest wholesale buyer and seller of natural gas and electricity. The divisio n had grown from two hundred to two thousand employees, and revenues from 2 billion to 7 billion. 