So too d id the much-hyped movies-on-demand deal with Blockbuster. For the first tim e in its confoundingly successful life, Enron had nothing new to take to ma rket. Like the popular high school girl who suddenly packs on a few pounds, Enron suddenly looked less alluring to Wall Street. Skilling launched a campaign to keep Enron's most important cheerleaders, t he stock analysts, in the tent, but he wasn't cut out to be a supplicant. " When the company reported hefty second quarter profits, many analysts questioned whether those profit s had come from the generation of new business or from the sale of old asse ts. Ignoring the growing chorus critical of Enron's accounting, Skilling pr omised, as he always had, that innovations were just around the corner. This fact was not lost on people inside the company, who suddenly started e xperiencing an attack of conscience. Those who had looked the other way as the most powerful Enron executives dumped their wives and married their sec retaries or carried on flagrant interoffice affairs now saw the error of th eir ways. If senior people are doing that, why are we held to a higher standard? Th ere was a real culture of 'We're above everyone else. '" Loyalty had never been prized at Enron, so there was no reason to expect it now. An old-fashioned, slow-moving company like Exxon could demand hardship duty in Baku with the promise of greater rewards down the road. " As it turned out, that description applied to Jeff Skilling too. As the stock price stubbornly refused to ascend, he made no secret of his unhappiness and frustration. Life was short for hi m, Enron was over. Trading anything and everything was out. That Skilling's supposedly brilliant colleagues were as shocked at the news of his departure as the rest of the business community may be testament to their lack of emotional intelligence. Despite Skilling's lengthy tenure wi th Enron, he'd always been contemptuous of the long haul he'd always belie ved in cutting losses and moving on. But now that he was abandoning them wh en the company was in trouble, it was different. But on the day we meet, Skilling is looking forward, not back. Free of falling stock prices and shareholder pressures, he is nestling hims elf back into the world of ideas. His eyes flash as he talks about new tech nologies. Houston, he promises, will become the w orld's center of commodity trading, and he intends to be a part of it. In f act, he is already shopping for office space. "There are thousands of people running around the streets of Houston that get it. We are still transitioning and Alina had a fit as we were leaving a friend's house to come to choir. Ok I'm thru with appointment and am on my way. Thanks again for the kind gift of beanie babies for the orphanage children. Your kindness is memorialized in my journal. If you are interested, I have in my office pictures of the kids with their beanies. Please send me an email with your travel dates -- as I need to make some appointments and plans and I don't want to book while you are going to be gone. Thanks I would like to offer the gas controllers the first opportunity on the Gas Logistics Aeros tickets 4 tickets for the month of February. The tickets will be given on a first come, first served basis. Yes I am here actually I'm on a conference call. Kim will be out of the country on Feb 9. I'm hoping I can bring Alina and make a play date for Chad We are headed to Austin tomorrow.