Enron, but they weren't necessarily happy. "They roll you over and slit your throat and watch your eyes while you bleed to death. Just as he had done ten years before, Skilling had to purge the company of its remaining old order. Where Enron once prized cautious executives who dealt with tangible assets like pipelines, it now valued bold executives who dealt with intangible assets. Pipelines, power plants-they may have been Enr on's pride, but Skilling wanted them gone. Expensive, long-term building pr ojects had no place when Wall Street was devoted to quick profits and enorm ous returns on investment capital, and Skilling knew it. Mark was largely responsible for the success of Enron International, the asset-heavy side of the company where she developed billion worth of gas and power plants, which accounted for 40 percent of Enron's profits in 1998. For this she reaped breathtaking compensation-one Enron executive estimated 10 million-and adoring press clips, including two appearances on Fortune's list of the fifty most powerful women in corpo rate America. But then Mark ran into trouble with a gas-fired power plant in Dabhol, India, one of the largest ever constructed. Taking Enron into a new market, she had finagled low import taxes percent instead of the usual 53 and hung in through 24 lawsuits and three c hanges in government. But the time and expense needed to make India and other Enron plants around the globe successful did not mesh with Enron's goals , and Skilling's impatience with Mark grew. Forcing Mark out, however, was no easy matter. Key executives left, divisio ns were dismantled, but she remained. The truth was Enron didn't mind firin g lower-level employees, but it hated to fire the kind of aggressive, relen tless people it tended to promote. The company preferred humiliation-keepin g a director in his cubicle, say, but failing to include him in the glamour deals, or kicking someone upstairs with a fancy title. One particularly d ifficult executive won a few years at graduate school, gratis. A company a s smart as Enron could probably deduce too that dispatching one of the most visible businesswomen in the country would provoke a public-relations disa ster. Despite Skilling's contempt for asset-heavy businesses, Enron spent more than 2 billion to buy a run-of-the-mill British water uti lity that could serve as Enron's entry into the emerging world of water pri vatization. Mark was put in charge of making Enron, yes, the world's greate st water company. But Mark had to succeed on Enron's increasingly abbreviated timetable in a business fraught with political and emotional complexities. Water is not li ke gas or electricity-owners and governments are a lot less willing to give it up, even for lots of money. The company stumbled, layoffs commenced, an d confidence evaporated. By August 2000 the stock price, which had started out at 19, had fallen to 5. Mark's resignation followed, and Azurix, much diminished, was folded into Enron. As 2000 drew to a close, Skilling was in total command. Enron's domination of the electric- power market made it an instant target in the California deregulation debac le. Bush to force old people on fixed incomes to choose between buying fo od or electricity. Skilling and Lay appeared on camera singing belligerent anthems to the free market, while another memorable scene juxtaposed one of the company's jackallike traders against a hapless state employee in Calif ornia, as both tried to buy power online. The Times reported that Lay had t ried to persuade a new federal commissioner to change his views on energy d eregulation. Just as the media was pounding Enron for its omnipotence, Wall Street was discovering its we aknesses. By late March the stock price had slid to 50 a share from 80 in January. Within Enron, the asset-based divisions took the rap for the decline. The India plant continued to be enormously costly, at least in part because of constant turnover within Enron's management team. But the California situa tion was more visible and therefore more damaging, despite Enron's claim th at the state had never built enough power plants to service its population and never properly managed those it had. Californi a utilities still owe Enron 500 million, another reason stockholders might be panicky. But more problematic than the crisis itself was Skilling's al l too apparent lack of contrition. Facing down his critics, he cracked a joke comparing California with the Titanic. But the biggest problem was Enron's telecommunications division, which had been responsible for at least one third of its heady stock price. Investors believed that Enron could revolutionize high-speed communications, just as it had revolutionized gas and power.