On Monday we will also configure the Hangar to support temporary operation of the Gas Control and other Gas Logistics business functions. Two conference rooms and the break room will be configured with phones, network connections, and workstations. They will be configured to support up to 60 staff. The minimum staffing requirements for the Hangar to support the Gas Control and Gas Logistics functions,as currently defined, is 35 staff. The Hangar will be left configured for approximately two weeks, depending on events. We are to maintain our normal course of business until instructed otherwise. We are to maintain our normal course of business until instructed otherwise. Other worksheets show detail by contract and contract expiration dates. This information has been furnished to Kevin Howard. The only open question is how this data can be reconciled to financials. The difference is primarily fuel sales which are not currently included in my numbers. So dust off those cookbooks and sign up to bring a culinary creation. The sign-up sheet is located outside Ricki's workstation 4268A. The buffet will be set up in 42C1 the gas control presentation room. We can discuss any Enron updates and I will do my best to address any questions and concerns that you have. At the end of our staff meeting, we'll hold our holiday raffle drawing. We have lots of fun prizes, including many sets of sports tickets. All Gas Logistics employee names will be entered. Finally, I want to fill you in on my upcoming journey. My husband and I have been trying to adopt a young girl from Kazakhstan into our family. The paperwork and red tape have seemed unending and I was having doubts whether it would ever happen. Early this week I received the call that I need to travel to Kazakhstan next week to pick her up. While I am excited to complete the adoption, I'm not terribly thrilled with the timing of being gone over the holidays and away from work at this time. At our staff meeting, I can address any questions you have about whom to call in my absence. I'm looking forward to our get together next week. To the extent that you aren't able to make the luncheon, let me take this opportunity to wish you and your family a happy, safe and relaxing holiday season. My dossier info was not picked up from the embassy last week, so now I'm another week behing in the process. But, the delay does perhaps give me a chance to take care of my sinus problem. I've still been feeling cruddy and want to have a specialist look at the sinus polyp. Cynthia Corcoran called today to see if I knew anyone interested in doing regulatory work. I thought of you right away and Cynthia was enthusiastic, but didn't want to violate your privacy by giving out your email address. Today Chris called to tell me that Liz Gras will not be traveling with me and that I should leave on Dec 15 instead of Dec 13 Tomorrow. I have never traveled internationally before and I am a bit scared -- as I'm sure that you were this past summer when you visited. I know everyone in Kazakhstan will be nice, but I am not looking forward to customs. Depending on how long that I will have to be in Kazakhstan, I may try to come home after court and have Alina escorted to Moscow. Kim or Kim I may travel to Moscow to pick her up after the New Years holiday. I will be sad if I have to leave her behind for a few more days. But I might have to accept this arrangement if my work calls me back to Houston. So many times my schedule changes that it is difficult at work. I know that you experienced similar difficulties with you flight plans this summer. I will bring pictures of your visit this summer. I received an email from a new family that hopes to adopt Zhuldiz. I am so happy to hear that she has a family. Mom forwarded a note that you were looking for Chad suggestions. He is into anything about rocks, Harry Potter, or of course his all time favorite -- baseball. I'm leaving for Kazakhstan tomorrow, so I didn't have time to ask for gift lists for your guys. Chad helped me pick out some items -- that I hope they'll like. Believe me, you will see the Chad influence when you open the items. Feel free to send home staff as business needs permit. I'm not planning on sending out any kind of notice to all Gas Logistics -- as I feel like it is frustrating to those that must stay. Jackie, I got the call to travel to Kazakhstan for the adoption and will be leaving next Thursday, Dec. I will be in Kazakhstan over Christmas and hope to touch base with your daughter to see about the possibility of locating a Christmas eve worship. I think I've misplaced her email address. If you wouldn't mind, would you forward it to me again.