Please note in future communcations that "McKinzie" is actually spelled "McKinsey. " As Jeff worked there prior to coming to Enron, this is a typo he would notice. I have changed it in the copy of this message given to him. He will accept a position with McKinzie in Houston. He said he really appreciated the calls and the follow up especially from Jeff Skilling and he wants to keep in touch since he will be in Houston. Leonel said that due to his financial situation, he really had no choice but to accept the McKinzie offer at this time. Other than that, he admires and respects Enron and thought we did a top notch job with our follow up. He really envied the opportunities we had to offer. Please call the candidates and offer your assistance in answering any questions about the organization or Houston in general that may help them with their decision. I spoke to everyone last week and I know that a few want more time. For example, some candidates are doing very targeted searches that are outside of the campus recruiting process. Unfortunately, we cannot extend our deadline. I honestly think we have a chance with these candidates. It's our job to sell them on that long term opportunity and to look beyond the short term. Karen Marshall Recruiting Manager Happy to hear you are ok, Mark. Do you need aything we can we can fed ex to you or get to you in another manner if necessary? Electricity out, so probably only us with battery powered lap tops clogging things up. Was out in the streets for a couple of hours, with everyone else. My neighborhood up on solid rock, so things looked mostly ok. Lots of old and bad construction here stones in the street. One upper floor abandoned apartment half a block from here collapsed and much debris in the stereets. No apparent injuries, however, in my neighborhood. Unfortunately, other areas not so lucky. 7 estimate for Izmit, the center, here one place I passed had a genertor and had a tv out for everyone to see. Passed women praying, men reading Koran, most just huddled in groups talking. Strange being in the middle of it all with limited ability to communicate. Know a few folks in neighborhood and we had a few basic chats, though its amazing how much I learned even from them. Already knew the Turkish word for earthquake, which is depram revolution is devrim and came in handy. A few seagulls just went by and I think a neighbor down stairs up and about mistook that comotion for an aftershock. I think memory of that still deep seeded in my subconscious. I'll send this to the rest of the family, but if they call tell them I'm ok and worried about them worrying about me. Have just received word of the earthquake there. I've called Mom and Dad---clearly, Mark, we're very concerned. Have been meaning to get to you to say hello. We're told phone lines are out--so haven't any idea when this might get to you.