I told them that I could not get specific because of the threatening overtone of their letter. I think they will sign a broad disclaimer. Please get back to me as soon as possible with you suggestion for language. Send letter requesting information re economic hardship Rivera 3. Research regarding Mike Beatty Rivera 4. Compile documents/data for exchange of information Sanders/Hodge/Boyt 5. Confidentiality agreement for loss of supply information Sanders 6. Response to all outstanding correspondence from Duke's attorneys Rivera I have attached the demand letter to be signed and sent by Dick. Please call me if you have any questions. I have attached a draft of the letter to be sent to Mr. Esses. cst regarding the San Diego class action suit. Although no assurances can be given, Enron believes that the ultimate resolution of these matters will not have a material adverse effect on its financial position or results of operations. Attached is a revised draft of your Employment Agreement. Please feel free to call me if you have any questions. Attached is the letter that legal believes should be sent to Venoco. Please let me kow if you hav eny changes, otherwise please send this letter to Venoco by Friday. As we have discussed, you may want to call Venoco to let them know this letter is coming. As outlined in Mark Haedicke's voicemail to you, I have attached a draft response to Long Island Power's letter. As a result, I would recommend that we hold off sending this letter until the release has been negotiated, which should be by Thursday, March 15th. Please call me if you have any questions. Pursuant to Michelle's request, please review the attached form and provide her with your comments. This is a mail merge document, so you will need to click on option and delete header source. Also, I spoke with Michelle the other person to invite is Barbara Gray. Enclosed is another draft of the proposed Agreement and Release. It has incorporated some, but not all, of your changes. It is my hope that this draft is the final one if it is not, I believe that it would be most efficient for you to meet with me and David Oxley before the end of this week, as I will be out of the office next week. Please let me or David know if you have any questions or comments. Michelle Cash has asked me to forward the language below to you for your comments. Please review and email Michelle your comments to this paragraph. Subject to the above, at a Committee meeting after this Agreement is signed, Employee shall receive a second grant of Enron Corp. the number of stock options shall be determined by the Committee, which will use the Enron-approved Black-Scholes valuation. The second grant is intended to reimburse Employee for value Employee lost upon leaving his prior job. The vesting schedule for these options will be described in the grant agreement, which shall govern. Attached is a memo that I am currently working on with Rick Johnson. Please review and provide me with any comments. Rick will be in the Houston office for the next two days. We have just been waiting for Rich to sign them and return them! Would you have any idea as to why he has not signed yet? As for it being Eron Expat or Enron North America I will let Michelle Cash in our legal dept. Michelle - can you respond on whether or not it matters as to Enron Expat or Enron North America and which is correct?