My name is Michelle Hoogendam Cash, Assistant General Counsel-Enron North America Corp. I was referred to you by David Minns in the Enron Australia office. I am attaching a copy of our Employment Agreement Form for your review in light of Australian law. Please review this form and provide me with any comments that you may have. Thank you for your assistance in this matter. Attached is a memo regarding the above-referenced. Please review and provide me with any comments that you may have. Attached is an Agreement and Release Form that Michelle would like for you to review. She is on the phone with you now regarding this attachment. Attached is a draft letter to Bill Tobey re outstanding invoices. Please review and provide me with any comments that you may have. Please let me know if you have a conflict with this time. Thanks Twanda 713-853-9402 This email will confirm the meeting in Portland for October 3rd and 4th. Please let me know immediately if this presents a problem with your schedule. Please let me know if you would like to attend this meeting. Finally, I have asked everyone to schedule a day and a half for this meeting. Although we may be finished on Tuesday, I thought it was prudent to leave Wednesday open for further discussion. Please feel free to call me at 713 853-5587 if you have any questions. The contact in Enron's Portland office is Jan King. Please review and provide me with any comments. Assignment of tasks to be accomplished As you know, the deadline for filing for the March primary for judicial elections was January 4th. I would be shocked if these candidates even had fund-raisers at this point. Please let me know what you want to do about these uncontested raises. I have requested 500 for Martha Hill Jamison. My sources tell me that the Republican activist groups Steve Hotze will be supporting Frank Gerald ov er Martha Hill Jamison. Perhaps we should hedge our bets on this race. There is another race that we have never talked about that I would like you to consider. He is running for Johnny Holmes' office. This may fall under Joe Allen's umbrella, but I think there is a tremendous benefit t o giving some money to Mike Stafford. If he loses, we look good to Mike Fleming and to Mike Stafford. I can personally attest th at Stafford had tremendous influence of the County Attorneys 01, office. This may come in handy at a later date. I have attached a draft of the demand letter to be sent to Kingdom Energy Company. Please call me to discuss this information. Please let me know if you have any questions otherwise, the letter is ready to go. If you have any questions, please give me a call. We were experiencing difficulties earlier with the number. Please review and provide me with any comments. Thanks Richard Attached is a draft letter to Steven Armour re lawsuit against Shanghai. Please review and provide me with any comments that you may have. Attached are two draft letters to Ernst Haberli and Greg Chafee at Fort James in regards to the above-referenced matter. Please review and provide me with your comments. The litigation group manages all litigation, including international, federal, and state lawsuits, as well as arbitrations, mediations and other alternate dispute resolution proceedings. The litigation group also analyzes and gives advice concerning the litigation risks associated with commercial transactions. Please fill in the blanks and give me any other comments you may have.