Low that the employment contract for our new trader Rich Slovensky has not been executed. You would appreciate that that gives us a slew of control, compliance and legal issues. Please let me have your very urgent advice whether we can expect Rich's employment contract to be in place immediately to regularise the situation or whether we have to implement measures to stop Rich's trading activity. Please clarify or rectify as appropriate. Regards Matt Lee Attached is a copy of our California Separation Agreement and Release. This is a merge document it may prompt you to open up this data source. California Agreement Michelle Cash Enron North America Corp. Attached is a draft of the Agreement for Recruiting or Contract Personnel Services. This draft combines the Master Services Agreement, the Agreement for Project Services, and the Staffing Services Agreement into a single, comprehensive document. It will contain a more specific description of staffing services e. Please review this draft to determine if it fits your needs. Let me know by return email if you have comments or questions. I will resolve as many as possible based upon your comments as well as those of others in Legal, and circulate a revised draft based upon those comments. Sanders We anticipate the call will last less than one hour. I understand that this conference call has already been previously set up as a weekly call. Please disregard the email that I just sent. Below is the information for the call on Thursday. Once I receive a response from everyone on availability, I will then send out the call in information. I anticipate that Enron may have some legal issues in New York similar to the issues Enron has faced in California. Can you recommend a top notch trial lawyer similar to yourself at any firms in New York? I anticipate that Enron may have some legal issues in New York similar to the issues Enron has faced in California. Can you recommend a top notch trial lawyer similar to yourself at any firms in New York? Also, please put on your calendar - every Friday for the next 8 weeks same time a conference call regarding this same matter. I will keep you informed as to the new dial in numbers and pincode. I anticipate that Enron may have some legal issues in New York similar to the issues Enron has faced in California. Can you recommend a top notch trial lawyer similar to yourself at any firms in New York? I anticipate that Enron may have some legal issues in New York similar to the issues Enron has faced in California. Can you recommend a top notch trial lawyer similar to yourself at any firms in New York? Mr. Dadson, please be advised that a conference call regarding the above-referenced matter has been scheduled for this Thursday at 9: Please let me know if this time is not convenient for you. Also, please provide me with a phone number. I have attached a redraft of the Settlement Agreement with Teldata. Please let me know if you have any changes. The final legal risk memo by Travis McCullough 4. Chris Hunt's files re Cogen facility I have asked Twanda to set up a meeting next week with him which you should attend. Paul Pizzalato's files I cannot remember his involvement but Roland or Brian Barth will know.