It appears that it did except for the fact that when I attempted to view my available vacation for 2001, it only indicates that I have 120 hours available. I should have an additional 16 hours left due to the 10 hours that accrued on 12/31/00 and the 6 I had left over. Can you please let me know how to reconcile this in the system? Thanks, Charlie Weldon Shares of Enron Corp. 63 December 28 , all amid uncertainty and considerable volatility. The pullback doesn't appear to be company-specific exactly, although the rumblings in a certain geographic region, namely California, are triggering aftershocks throughout the U. As we outlined in a report on January 4, the energy situation in California has rapidly reached crisis proportions. Strict environmental legislation and the uncertain profit potential post-deregulation has kept utilities from installing sufficient generating capacity in the state over the last 10 years. However, the rates the utilities can charge their customers for power represent a fraction of the costs that prevailed during the gradual rollout of full-scale deregulation. For one, the crisis in California may result in a default of payments to the state's major wholesale energy providers, including Enron. Although the company does operate in California, the bottom-line impact would likely be shielded to a considerable degree because of Enron's size, strength, and diversified global revenue streams. In addition, Enron would likely be high on the list of default payees given its importance to future wholesale energy supplies in the region. More significantly, investors are concerned that California legislators may pull the plug on deregulation entirely, or at least until the current crisis abates. Some also fear this mess might derail utility deregulation in other states as regulators and politicians alike become fearful of adverse and unintended economic consequences. For one thing, the airline industry was deregulated in fits and starts, with plenty of mistakes and recrimination along the way. And a strong argument can be made that the shortage of electric power would have pressured rates sharply higher even in a fully regulated environment. The California Public Utility Commission will attempt to decide the best course of action this week. Enron has also fallen victim to the rotation out of strong defensive stocks on the heels of the Federal Reserve's unexpected interest-rate cuts last week. The initial euphoria has waned, however, upon the realization that the sharp rate cuts will serve to offset what appears to be a rapid rate of erosion in domestic economic growth, rather than generating a rebound in economic activity. As a result, we expect investors once again to seek the shelter of well-capitalized defensive plays like Enron. We would emphasize that several factors that weigh in Enron's favor have been overlooked amid the California crisis. The November-December period was 18 colder than normal and the second-coldest start to the winter months in the past 50 years. Coupled with an uncertain supply situation, particularly in natural gas, Enron stands to profit handsomely from energy volatility and pricing, an environment that is likely to exist for at least the next 12 months. In addition, Enron's diversification into still more new avenues of growth help to insulate the company from additional challenges of this sort in the future. The markets for EnronOnline, a real-time commodities exchange vehicle, and Enron's broadband services unit are expected to at least triple over the next year. An eventual inflection point in the groups' profitability would serve to send profits measurably higher in the long term. Despite the recent turmoil, Enron's consensus earnings estimate for 2001, according to First Call, has come down a mere penny, to 1. Although the stock's rich price/earnings multiple of 43 times may aggravate its near-term volatility, the absence of a complete collapse of the stock indicates the market approves of Enron's maneuvers so far and is confident in its prospects going forward I don't disagree with your view, but I wouldn't count broadband out yet. It may be going slower than we like but it might come around eventually. If it doesn't then there certainly will be hell to pay in the stock rice. How many Merck shares do you have left, is it just a fraction? html Theta is hurting me but gamma will hopefully come to my rescue. Looking forward to another group trip sometime in the near future. I'll consider what the most efficient way is for you to further your knowledge of business, etc. We should be getting the pictures developed in the next day or two. I'm looking forward to the digital ones you've got so I can forward them around. When is the website going to have our pictures?