The guy who carried 3 defenders into the end zone earlier. Anyway, we beat the spread and I got 20 from your friend Mary. If I would have known about it on Saturday, I would have called to console you and the family. It looks like I will have to do something different on New Years Day. Have we stopped doing business on this pipe? I can find old notes and try to get this pathed if necessary. We no longer do business on Enron Field Services. Unresolved We should have a sale to Entex. MidCon Texas Pipeline - There were deals left unpathed for Jan 1 and Dec? I brokered and nominated the obvious but we seem to have 10,000 with transport contract to move this gas on and no sale to broker to. As it stands, it looks like we have a long position. I thought Carlos was handling this one, but I could be wrong. All Deals with the exception of the long term Transport Expense were left unpathed for Jan 1. I viewed prior month transactions and pathed appropriately. Also, there were deals that went to zero, that were nominated for January. We still do not have enough supply to meet our sales requirement. This issue has been left unsresolved since October 99. Volume Management cannot allocate was is not pathed and nominated. There is a transaction for January that is once again not on our point specific transport contracts. We need to know the rate and whether one of the expense contracts needs to be amended for this transaction, we are not legally covered. Unresolved Carlos nom'd this to Channel. He knows the contract and rate negotiated by Elsa. This can wait until we get back next week. If it is left unresolved, I will get it pathed when I return. If we haven't figured out the assignement then I will get to it asap. Rankings for Source/Destination Please forward to logistics in your region Would any of the desks be opposed to enabling Unify to default the Destination rankings to the same rankings that are created in the Source rankings. There would still be the ability to change to ranking on the Destination side however, it would not affect the rankings on the Source side. This will save time pathing and prevent the amount of data entry errors. Would you please forward comments to your manager. Dave Nommenson is aware that some of us are interested in this and would like to find out if it would be something worth putting into production. Hey, I think that we are coming in this weekend. We are only going to be there through Sat nite though. Remaining zones in numerical order Let me know if you have any questions or problems. Daren Sherlyn, The base purchase should be brokered with the base sale. Deal 135563 does not replace the basse purchase ticket, it is in addition to that one. On the days where deal 135563 is applicable, the purchases and sale should balance out no flow. If not what transport contract do I use? I also see a deal 135563 purchasing from Phillips. This new deal is not to replace that one is it? The original purchase deal had the incorrect year on the deal date. Please reallocate mtr 1517 with these changes sale of 10,000 on deal 93804, purchase of 4,000 on 148851. I will definitely take this into consideration. Also, I want you to know that I really do appreciate all that you've done for me. I have greatly benefited from your knowledge of the market and industry and also from your experience of just dealing with people and issues. It has been very nice having someone to discuss ideas with and to learn from and argue with! Thanks, also, for your honesty and openness. I really appreciate you telling me when you disagree, it helps me see things from a different view. I just want to do the best thing for our business, and you help me to do that. "Whenever we disagree, I always end up yelling.