Midtex Please plan on meeting at 1pm on Thursday to continue discussions on the Midtex line. I will let you know the location when it becomes finalized. D Please plan on meeting at 1pm on Thursday to continue discussions on the Midtex line. I will let you know the location when it becomes finalized. Do we need to renominate these meters or do I just move them in pops. Let me know Daren I aim to please I think that's a southern term! We have no way to input a storage deal for Cilco. The way that the contract is set up, does not fit into the systems as they are. Cilco Storage Withdrawal Daren - Can you set up a deal for the Cilco withdrawal for Dec. I know a deal has never been set up for this but volume management wants a deal set up so they won't have to set up an accounting arrangement evey month. Aimee I think Mark got everything in last night. You may have to have Vol Mgmt send things through. Look into it and let me know how it looks. I will probably be out of the office on Monday, returning on Tuesday. D Please plan on attending a training session over lunch on Tuesday, Feb 15th. I intend to discuss the operations of Houston Pipe Line how gas is moved through the system, where our main supply and market areas are, locations of specific points, etc. We will be using a map of the pipeline as the basis for the discussion. Yvette is currently working on securing a room. I will let you know when that is finalized. flowed 11/3-4 Carey told me that he has already talked to Jennifer. He should be able to give you any information you need. I will get a conference room and lunch set up. I will send out an e-mail invitation to everyone in your group, my group and the risk group. If you want to add anything or if you have something specific you want me to cover, just let me know. I would allow about 2 hours to cover all questions. 30 Let me know the best time for you and your group. I am also going to invite the risk group their schedule is flexible. D Howard, The Park and Ride deals should be booked to a transport contract. Desk to desk deals should be on the transport contract also. On Park and ride deals, I am under the impression that the Park and ride deal would be booked to an 089 contract and cleared either intra month or in a subsequent month. If this is true, was it done by reversing out or offsetting the previous Co 89 entry. I hope you have some insight on this issue. We can meet at my desk 3138C and walk over there. , My schedule is open Thursday afternoon 1-5pm and Friday 1-4pm. Let me know the what works best for you. Earlier in the afternoon is usually best for me. 98-1534 Daren, The above mentioned meter delivery shows a small flow of 24 dec. Can you please extend the deal thru 2-1-00 to cover this small volume? Thanks -Jackie- Aimee, We don't enter 3rd party storage deals in Sitara. The judge estimated that we would probably be there through Friday. If you need anything, you can leave me a voice mail or call Liz and Stacey. Will you let me know if you set a deal up for this? Just send the curtains whenever you get the chance. Jo went to the doctor yesterday and everything is looking good. She is going to start going to the doctor weekly. Carrying the baby pretty low, so he's getting ready. Jo thinks he'll be coming around the first part of March, the doctor didn't say that, though. Daren, Wanted to let you know that there are still two sitara deals that need to have the expected volume brought down to "0" of the list that I previously sent you. I appreciate you revising the ones that you have and you probably were going to handle the above two today. In case you were please disregard this notice.