An average is then calculated from that volumetric data. In this case, the average is calculated to 259,000 Mmbtu. Upon calculating the average, we then apply information we obtain through daily business and adjust that estimate. if weather is cloudy or sunny, wet or dry wind chill Entex's obligation on Midcon Entex's recent operating procedures Entex takes versus our prior estimates have we been under or overestimating volumes each day , etc. Additionally, since we only see about 30 of the meters, we apply a factor to estimate the remaining 70. If we have an unaccounted volume for a few days that is fairly consistent and we have determined that the ua4 has not been caused by something else , we may adjust the factor to bring the estimates more in line. Daren I created deal 602030 under Cleco. I don't know if they paid Torch, I would assume so, as this is October. According to Charlene, Cleco is invoicing us for this deal. Intially, there was no deal in the system at all. Bob, I didn't check voice mail until this morning I don't have a blinking light. The assistants pick up our lines and amtel us when voice mails have been left. 2 Develop operations processes and controls for the new Texas Desk. Strong push to improve Liz if she remains with Enron and b. Hire new person, internally or externally 4 Assist in develop a strong logisitcs team. With the new business, we will need strong performers who know and accept their responsibilites. How I accomplish these goals and what they entail will depend how the Texas Desk if we have one is set up and what type of activity the desk will be invovled in, which is unknown to me at this time. I'm sure as we get further into the finalization of the sale, additional and possibly more urgent goals will develop. So, in short, who knows what I need to do. reviews Heather will be calling each of up to set up a time to discuss your review for 2000. Please bring with you two items that you plan on working on during the first six months of 2001. These should be items that improve the process around your area or brings additional income to Enron. thanks bob I don't think that we should have any volume on this deal. It seems like Jan 2000 was added after the fact to assist with allocations. But it was later determined that we didn't purchase anything from Copano. Deal 93481 Daren, I'm looking into this deal. There is no volume on this deal for January 00. Should this deal have had some volume on it. It was taken to zero once the actuals came in. Deal 502952 Daren, The above deal number expired at the end of November 2000 and needs to either be extended through December, or a new deal inputted. Mary said that that would be a good time. I will just come down and find you after our morning meeting. The mornings will be the best time to learn, but you can spend as much time as you want. Since things are so crazy, I may not be able to answer all of your questions immediately, but can answer them later. I will probably be on vacation next Mon and Fri. You can start with me tomorrow or next Tuesday, it's up to you. 30 with the Gas Control and Weather meeting. Pat had told me before he left that it would help me better grasp the process as a whole. I understand the imminent cold weather is making things crazy, so now may not be the best time to be in your way. But let me know if I can spend a day, morning, or even just an afternoon down there with you whenever it is a good time. I think it will help me very much in my role. Mike Lee, I would like to deliver as much of Midcon's gas as possible to Mobil 25,000-30,000 for February. When the work is going on, we can move that around. Also, we have 10,000 baseload on Centana we need to deliver to the plant. Texoma - Beaumont interconnect Mobil says the low point of their takes will be during February will be from Feb 1 to 14. 30am Thursday Feb 1, to go over the game plan with them. Could you please extend this deal or create a new one?