Daren I have three meters that have flow in Feb but no deal. This our ols friends at Pawnee gas plant fuel. Last deal used was 289396 could you extend it. Meter 1598 had flow the whole month 1-28. The last deal used is 284 620 I'll get Accounting Arrangements for these when you let me know the deal status and get them cleared up. We have had alot of issues with the colder weather. I will let you know as soon as we get Oct in. I adjusted 514353, so hopefully the demand will come through better. I am having a problem, though, with the way it is coming to settlements. It is showing up with a Jan 2003 delivery date. I think this is confusing the system some how. It should be for a demand fee of 2,571,135. James is calling me every day asking for an update. Do you know when we will be able to get this in the system? I have attached my spreadsheet so you can see the numbers. Megan You need to speak with Reps from Exxon and Highland. Ask them about their Lone Star transport allocation. They had to transport the gas on Lone Star to sell to us. So, Lone Star should have given them an allocation on their transport deliveries at that point or their supplier's contracts to match the sale volume. Adjust our purchase amount from each party based on the transport allocation. How should the purchase piece be allocated between ExxonMobil and Highland since this was a brokered deal? deals 101522, 108564 Highland Energy Co. deals 101530, 108146 Please let me know if I need to speak with someone else about this. Thanks, Rebecca Mike, You can come down anytime. The mornings will be the best time to learn, but you can spend as much time as you want. Since things are so crazy, I may not be able to answer all of your questions immediately, but can answer them later. I will probably be on vacation next Mon and Fri. You can start with me tomorrow or next Tuesday, it's up to you. 30 with the Gas Control and Weather meeting. Pat had told me before he left that it would help me better grasp the process as a whole. I understand the imminent cold weather is making things crazy, so now may not be the best time to be in your way. But let me know if I can spend a day, morning, or even just an afternoon down there with you whenever it is a good time. I think it will help me very much in my role. Mike Megan, I have created deal 514353 to capture the. This deal will have zero volume and zero commodity price with a demand charge of. Since there is no volume, Mark McCoy will be scheduling this deal as a zero nom. Hopefully, this will allow the demand charge to flow through the system. Let me know if you don't see this happening. For Sep and Oct, you will need to get someone in Volume Management to create an accounting arrangement for this deal pathed to the imbalance pool. When actuals come in, you can give me the volumes and I will change the demand charge. I took the demand charge off of the sale ticket 384258. Spot sales will be on various tickets throughout each month. Deals are under the Cleburne Intramamonth Position in Sitara. The point is on the ticket, but nothing was nom'd that day. We had flow on the first, prior to the shut in for work. I need a deal to pick up the 500 and change that squeaked through the meter, please. My exceptions need to be cleared pretty quickly. The meter is already on the ticket for that time period. Flagstaff on 11/10 Daren, A small volume 352 Dth flowed on the 10th at Flagstaff meter, I think it may have been a test volume. Do you want to put in a deal or hit strangers for now? Mary Tim, Please forward this to the appropriate person. Bill Bailey with Southwest Garment Laundry in Irving Texas is looking for an offer for gas supplied to their business under an 18-36 month term. Bill is needing a price as quickly as possible. He is apparantly getting pressure from accountants to quickly tie up this supply.