Hello friends, Leslie and I have a sleeper sofa, a real sturdy and heavy one, that we are wanting to get rid of. It has a very comfortable bed and would be great for an extra room in the house. It is in great condition other than some cat claws in the arms. I have pictures I can e mail if you are interested. We will give it away or sell it to the highest bidder! Byron "Put not your trust in money, but your money in trust. dat Talk with the person in accounting that deals with Teco. See if they are using a different counterparty now at the plant. meter 6884 I may need more assistance on this issue. I tried to extend the deal and it blocked me saying. Teco Gas Processing Company is suspended. Deal with inactive or suspended counterparty may not be extended. meter 6884 You can extend them, but make sure that the volume is zero. Let me know if you need me to extend them. You can extend them, but make sure that the volume is zero. meter 6884 Volume management was wondering if deals 137870 and 235670 needed to be extended into 2001. Let me know if you need me to extend them. Mike, I don't know of any deals that were negotiated for this delivery. So, why don't you check with Gas Control to see if they know why vol was delivered on that day. I would think that they had to send someone out there to make it happen. Additionally, you can check with Gary Lamphier or Lee Papyoti to see if they made a deal with the plant. meter 981318 Daren, The above meter recorded a flow on Jan 15 this year. It has not had any activity all the way back through 1999. I checked with Cheryl Jones and the flow is good. It was apparently turned on for that one day. Do we need to put in a deal for this flow? Also, we had a transport nom from Texaco into King Ranch, so we will have adequate flow into Stratton. Deal Extended Deal 276494 ended June 15, but there is additional flow on meter 9602 from the 16th thru the 30th. Could you extend this deal thru the 30th so that I can have Vol. Management create an accounting arrangement for it. If you are not the person that I need to contact, could you let me know who I need to talk to. In my absence, please contact Mark McCoy at 33396. We sold our house after 2 weeks on the market. I looked at the average /sq ft for sales in our neighborhood for the last 6 months and I was pretty high above the average. Anyway, we got what we wanted and made a little money, so we were happy. Two days after we sold our house, Tonya found the one she wanted in Oaks of Devonshire. It's over at Louetta and I-45, just before The Thicket. It was built in 86, so it needs a little work. Anyway, we are closing on both houses on Monday and moving Tuesday and Wednesday. We will have you and Linda over for lunch or dinner one of these days. We also had tubes put into Jake's ears this month. We hated having to do that, but it has really made a difference. He had a constant ear infection since October. Now you can tell that he feels so much better. Even those plastic locks you put on cabinets don't hold him. He knows that if you keep yanking on the door over and over that it will eventually slip or break and then your in. I'm going to install pad locks on the cabinets at the new house. I will be alot better after we finish this house business. I don't feel so good when I'm writing all those checks. Pioneer Natural Daren do you have a problem if I copy the 2000 deal 362125 for Pioneer and make a new one for 2001. This is giving me a meter allocation exception for Jan. I have done deals with John at this point. Why are we not being allocated any volume? Meter 5892 I am getting several phone calls from Alpine Resources demanding to be paid for meter 5892 and there is nothing there to be paid. The person name doing the requesting is John Childers and he said that he spoke to Daren Farmer.