They disagree with our view and are not going to pay on scheduled volumes. However, we are not going back off our view and will continue to bill based on scheduled volumes. I'm not sure what contract this falls under. Our contract says that if buyer does not schedule then buyer will pay replacement price differential plus. Rpalcement price differnetial would be gas daily which was around 16. 55 I don't understand the trigger question. We need to get the back-up on the penalty. Patti needs to give you info regarding a penalty we wanto tocharge them for February. It is under my desk waiting for arms to be installed above my other monitor. What is the status of getting these arms What do you think about this strategy? Maybe we should have Deb call Marion and review the list of hotels where Enron has a corporate rate and ask her opinion regarding which ones she would recommend. Maybe -at that point she would volunteer her flat? Mark Hawkins with Mercado Gas called and said that he would like to pay us for this gas but does not know who to call for the invoice. I'm comng to town on Sat urday night Feb 3 Sat and leaving Feb 5th mon. I have to leave San Diego on Monday afternoon to meet with Socal that night. I have to come in on the week-end because air-fares are horrible without a Saturday night stay and I'd rather stay the week-end in San Diego. If you have any time on Sunday or can meet me on Monday for breakfast or lunch let me know. I haven't finalized anything with Larry yet but I plan on meeting him for breakfast or lunch on Monday but I want to check with you first. Thank you for advising me of this issue. When you get back-up , please forward to Patti Sullivan. We are going to work on charging them some penalties for a differnet month to help offset this. I currently trade on the west desk gas desk and would like to get access to the westpower. Phillip Allen thought that maybe you could help me. There are several hotels in London which are listed as giving Enron corporate rates -prices range from 69 to 215. I show no discounts for hotels in Paris. Deb and I were thinking that if we can't finalize our Europe trip by the end of this week-we probably need to postpone it because the clock is ticking. Can you give us any feedback on your discussions with American Express or Mark Frevert. Is she going to Montana to stay with Mike and Judy? I asked him if he could provide the computer. Let me know if there is anything else he needs to provide. I have talked to Julia's secretary and plane and hotel reservations have been reserved for Julie. Staying at theHyatt Islandia in Mission Bay. Look forward to seeing you even if it is for a short time. I'm leaving for Vail tomorrow afternoon-so if you have any questions I'll get back to you on Monday. I think that Dave may have is facts wrong. Glad you are going to Vail- I'm on the flight that leaves at 11. I f we get out of here early, I may run to Foley's. I will leave you a voice mail or an e-mail to let you know. I was just messing withyou on the Evita. I am going out to lunch with a customer today so I'm not going to be extremely hungery. My broker called me this morning and asked me how I was doing and I told him again that I was coming to New York and he said no problem with getting tickets to Avita and the Lion King. Nat gas is at a discount with Enron stock at 83 and what's your stock price. Did I tell you the company is going to give us more stock options at the start of the year. So not only do they provide me with free lunch every day-oh-did I forget to mention that too. Frank told me that you were trying to get in touch with me. I tried to send you something but it didn't work. Did you meet your Uncle Joe last night. Forgot to tell you that Joe and I went to see the Jim Rome show when he was in Houston a couple of weeks ago. We got a memo today that Enron is giving all of its employees a home computer and will subsidize their internet connection. Gift is part of their commitment to techonology. Does your company do this with your telephones? Are you going to Las Vegas today to see you mom or are you waiting to see if she gets better? Can't get a hold of Barb on the cell phone. Joe just told me the other day that he got the check. I hope you have a great Christmas vacation. My broker called and we are definitely in for Tina Turner. He is waiting unitl the last week to give me the tickets so we get premo seats. I wonder how far away Nancy Gardiner is from Vail because maybe we could go se her on Saturday or maybe we just want to take it easy in Vai and just relax. Do not want to go to Vegas-been there too much already this year. Good job on the fare-that's cheaper than mine.