I don't understand the trigger question. We need to get the back-up on the penalty. Patti needs to give you info regarding a penalty we wanto tocharge them for February. It is under my desk waiting for arms to be installed above my other monitor. What is the status of getting these arms Mark Hawkins with Mercado Gas called and said that he would like to pay us for this gas but does not know who to call for the invoice. I'm comng to town on Sat urday night Feb 3 Sat and leaving Feb 5th mon. I have to leave San Diego on Monday afternoon to meet with Socal that night. I have to come in on the week-end because air-fares are horrible without a Saturday night stay and I'd rather stay the week-end in San Diego. If you have any time on Sunday or can meet me on Monday for breakfast or lunch let me know. I haven't finalized anything with Larry yet but I plan on meeting him for breakfast or lunch on Monday but I want to check with you first. Thank you for advising me of this issue. When you get back-up , please forward to Patti Sullivan. We are going to work on charging them some penalties for a differnet month to help offset this. I currently trade on the west desk gas desk and would like to get access to the westpower. Phillip Allen thought that maybe you could help me. Deb and I were thinking that if we can't finalize our Europe trip by the end of this week-we probably need to postpone it because the clock is ticking. Can you give us any feedback on your discussions with American Express or Mark Frevert. Mark Hawkins with Mercado Gas called and said that he would like to pay us for this gas but does not know who to call for the invoice. Does anyone have permission to access your Email/Calendar? Are you responsible for updating anyone else's address book? Is anyone else responsible for updating your address book? Do you have access to a shared calendar? west desk calendar Do you have any Distribution Groups that Messaging maintains for you for mass mailings ? Will you be out of the office in the near future for vacation, leave, etc? Ok to book for me and my husband, Joseph. I was issued a new corporate American Express card. If you need any more info, please advise. Otherwise, I will assume you will book the two tickets. What type of computer do you have? Will you be out of the office in the near future for vacation, leave, etc? Guess I won't be getting any more roses from you since California is closing all of its greenhouses. Joe just told me the other day that he got the check. I hope you have a great Christmas vacation. Once you tell them that they will realize that they are wrong. Tell them that this deal is for west texas pool gas and that we never sell west texas pool gas based on a san juan gas daily. The temperature was about 35 degrees and it wasn't windy-so it was just a great day to walk the streets and take in all the snow. We took a carriage ride around Central Park and they dropped us off at Tavern on the Green for lunch. Met one of my contacts at Prebon for lunch and he paid for it. Good thing because we were drinking mimosas at 10. We saw two great plays-Aida and the Lion King. Actually, Aida may be the best broadway play I have ever seen. Lion King had great special effects with all of the costumes. The people were dressed like animals and it was really cool. Prebon got us tickets for that too-first row-center section-mezz. On Saturday, we mostly shopped during the day. Deb bought herself a new David Yurman diamond ring and red leathe coat. You can't believe the people that were shopping. The large department stores were like that too-hoards of people. You could hardly walk down 5th avenue, it was so crowded. I have never seen so many mink coats in my life. But all three of us stayed in one room and the room was huge and nicely decorated. All three of us were able to get ready in a span of one hour. The first night was this small Italian restaurant. The second night was Thai-food was excellent. I would go back agai n if the right opportunity came up.