What type of computer do you have? Does anyone have permission to access your Email/Calendar? Are you responsible for updating anyone else's address book? Is anyone else responsible for updating your address book? Do you have access to a shared calendar? west desk calendar Do you have any Distribution Groups that Messaging maintains for you for mass mailings ? Will you be out of the office in the near future for vacation, leave, etc?  Joe and I would love to attend the bowling party. We would like to have prawns for dinner. Does Joe need to being his suit for Saturday night? Ok to book for me and my husband, Joseph. I was issued a new corporate American Express card. If you need any more info, please advise. Otherwise, I will assume you will book the two tickets. Also, Ican't find any of my bookmarks on internet explorer. Below is a summary of the discussions last week regarding the complaint against El Paso for oversubscribing the Socal Topock Point. The meeting started out by summarizing the dollar impact of the Border cuts to Amoco and Burlington of 3 million dollars and the additional fuel costs of 15 million that they have incurred when the mainline fuel was reduced and the gathering fuel was increased. Accordingly, producers are seeking a minimum of 17 million in compensation in some form or another. The biggest concern is that a total of 1. Socal Gas stated that this problem should go away when there system becomes unbundled referred to as Gatekeeper. When the Gatekeeper is implemented , only 540000 mmbtu/day will be accepted at the Socal Topock border and must match up with the intra-state transport. They also stated they would accept less than 540 at Topock but needed a minimum of 300 to meet core needs. However, they wanted some type of compensation if their volume was reduced. They also agreed to live with the status quo until the Gatekeeper was implemented. This would result in firm rights being established at Socal Topock based on downstream rights. Recommended interim solution until Socal Gatekeeper implemented. Does not relate to receipt point rights. It is recommended that they give up their Ehrenberg right and keep Topock right and Socal will give up like amount at Topock as well as shift an additional 70000 mmbtu/day from Topock to Ehrenberg resulting in approx. The producers were not happy with having to live with 37 percent cuts and felt that any transport sold after their Sept 28 complaint should be cut off the top which would be El Paso merchant services Blk 3. Separate meetings were then held amongst the Topock shippers to duscuss El Paso's counter -proposal. Producer group came back and told El Paso that they want the 63 percent thruput increased. In other words, if the producers used the delivery point, they would pay max rate. If they did not, they would not pay anything. Block 3 shippers would agree to reduce deliveries to Socal Topock if their deals were converted to an agreed upon load factor-maybe 70 percent. For volumes shifted to non-Socal Points , they also want a 100 percent volumetric rate. Bottom-line is how much dollars is El Paso willing to pay to resolve this case. Each party is requested to submit a proposal to El Paso and they will study its entirety. Another topic that was also being discussed at the meeting was the perceived gaming on the system by the full-requirements customers-ie nominating more gas than they need in anticipation of cuts. It is thought that if this could be controlled there may be more certainty in the san juan regarding flows. Limit noms on Cycle 1 from San Juan based on previous day's total nom from all basins. This caused some concerns because of week-end load swings andfluctuatingpower-plant loads. However, eoc's were willing to establish a technical committee to work on a formula if theSocal Topock point gets resolved. Regarding pooling, El Paso is proposing to add 8 additional pools in the keystone and 3 additonal pools in the san juan and 1 additional pool in the bondad. This process is in its early stages of conflict. Please advise if you have any questions. I don't trade barrels of crude and is the dispute regarding the price of crude on certain days or what? I think this is an old del that Fred Lagrasta did. Since I do not track actual volume flows , you probably can contact Morgan at ext 36406.