This caused some concerns because of week-end load swings andfluctuatingpower-plant loads. However, eoc's were willing to establish a technical committee to work on a formula if theSocal Topock point gets resolved. Regarding pooling, El Paso is proposing to add 8 additional pools in the keystone and 3 additonal pools in the san juan and 1 additional pool in the bondad. This process is in its early stages of conflict. Most people Duke, Southern, Williams, Coral are not on board with this. Please advise if you have any questions. I don't trade barrels of crude and is the dispute regarding the price of crude on certain days or what? I think this is an old del that Fred Lagrasta did. Since I do not track actual volume flows , you probably can contact Morgan at ext 36406. I just received the shirts this morning. It's a pleasure doing business with you. It's not looking good to come visit you this summer. Deb is moving into her new house sometime during th end of July and then she promised to take her nieces and nephews on vacation sometime this summer. I think we are going to try for next spring or summer to come visit you if the offer is still open. However, if something changes, we will let you know. Us girls have talked about visiting you but just couldn't agree on a date. Joe and I just got back from a vacation in Banff, Canada with Jackie and Dannie. We're going to Montana over Labor Day week-end for Joe's niece's wedding. Can't believe Joe and I are taking 2 vacatins this year. Regarding logistically getting to your ranch, is it possible to fly into Colorado Springs or do we need to fly into Denver? We would love to come visit you if we can agree on a date because I love to hike. Sorry , I have not given you feedback earlier but I've been on vacation. He anticipates questions and usually has the answers. He is a very dedicated employee and continues to expand on his knowledge base. He has helped the traders trade the permian and waha points on a daily basis and such commercial experience has proven to be very valuable regarding looking for alternatives to move gas. The only area for improvement that I might suggest would be to challenge others or state his opinion if he has a different opinion from others rather than not say anything or go along with the status quo. He tends to want to be nonconfrontational which is not a bad thing but this is a tough environment and he could get run over if he does not state his opinion. Been pretty busy these last couple of weeks. Couple of weeks ago I had to go to Los Angeles on short notice. Accordingly, paid full price and got in first class. It must have been a new plane because the first class section was huge. I sat in a chair that was like a lazy boy chair-it had a fott recline and everything. Went to lobby to get somebreakfast and Patrick Brown was there-ended up having breakfast with him and some ohter Sempra folks. Then I had to go to Vegas a couple of weeks ago. Big marble shower and a big tub that overlooked the skyline. Bedroom area and sitting area were nice too. There are a lot of new restaurants downtown that we tried out. Cheri and I went to the spa and had a relaxing afternoon on the last day. She said you saw her picture of Matthew. Parks was a t dinner one night-he hasn't changed-still nice as ever. Had a lot of fun with Frank Fields too- he hasn't changed a bit. He works for Cinergy but is doing east coast stuff-thank God. Our retail group just hired Joe Deschamps and Chris Shireman-remember them? I bet Joe won't be there by the end of the year-I think he just wanted someone to pay for his way back to Houston. Just found out that Bob Shiring went to work for Pan Canadian doing east coast stuff. Joe's brother was in town this week-end from Montana. He picked him up in San Antonio so we had them all week-end. Went down to Kemah to watch the boats- we went there with Griff that one time. Tons more stuff to do -especially for the kids. I'm just sick over my tax bill this year. I exercised a ton of my options-and boy am I paying for it. Will probably be that way next year too. Just sucks that the government takes so much. I know I'm probably not getting much sympathy from you but I can try. Can't believe there was another shooting in your area last week. Bet you are glad your kids are almost out of school. Can't understand how these kids have access to all of these guns. She did not give us any more details about her marriage other than she got married out of town and in am place that made it difficult to track marriage l icense. Her family still does not know she is married. She is being really strange about this whole thing. She qwon't acknowledge to anyone that she is married. She is almost as strange as you at times. Going to Grand Cayman Islands on Thursday-plan on feeding the stingrays on Friday-will tell you all about it. Tell me why you are too busy to fill me in on what is happenign in your life.