If so, John and I did not receive the e-mail. When can we have summary valuation of this done for East positions? Before we book the New Albany sale, Lavo would like to have a final meeting with myself, Lavo, Louise, Stuart, and Don to go through final economics and determine appropriate booking. I am not sure if any of the traders are interested. My brother is looking to make a career change from teaching currently a biology teacher at Richland High School into something where performance is rewarded. He is an extremely hard worker who is ultra competitive. Do you have any needs for entry level hourly guys? I think he could learn the business quick and do well in our industry. I know there is a ton of market uncertainty in the West right now with the California debacle, so I'm not sure if you need people or not. Let me know if there is any chance for an interview and I can have my brother send a resume. Hope everything is going well for you and your family. Therefore, I need to know the cost of credit to assign to the proposed cash flows. In rough numbers, we receive 200 million in the first two years and return 250 million in the last two years. Because of this, in years 03 and 04, our collateral posting will be significant. You are still missing a significant grant of restricted stock in 2000 and 2001. Can you please include these grants in the portfolio manager. I have requested this several times now. In addition, please block my calender from Feb 6th to 10th for Florida Miami vacation. Please also change the March vacation to March 9-13 Disneyworld. I am still not pleased with the information display on the cubes. It is way too difficult to view daily information and move from month to month to observe historical heat rate liquidations and /Mwh price liquidations. The tables on the top need to have dates and summary info. Please assemble a project team to make the data more user friendly. A table which shows Mwh consumption by demand segment and generation supply by source would be useful. In addition, total capability by supply source Some of this same info can be used for the 30th presentaiton.