I would like to be able to select days, months, years, etc. for historical liquidation. Somehow, we need to make the cubes or Metastock more user friendly so the traders will actually use them. I have tried to use the cubes and, although the data is extremely powerful, scrolling through all the years and months is quite cumbersome and drilling down is a pain. Can we somehow improve the user friendliness of these tools. I apologize for my earlier comments. Everyone is having a rough time with the current meltdown of the company. I have been here 7 years and I am seeing everything I worked for coming to an end. I personally don't think the probability is that high, nonetheless, the rumors seem to be in the market. Please use the next week to clean up our database of delivery locations and regions currently still in Enpower. I have done multiple trades today and I also did several last week. Please clean up my Holdings page to net longs and shorts. I just sent you the promotion justifications. Please begin scrubbing the 02 and 03 new gen book again given the current situation in the energy market. I would like a new forecast in 30 days if possible. Let's plan on having a meeting to go over what the new daily reports were going to look like - wasn't Gus working on this? What is the status of the transmission modeling? Do you want me to put docs in front of Harry, Rogers, and/or Doug? Attached is the spreadsheet version of the template we discussed this morning. I have added the additional columns everyone requested. I would now like the business unit leads to fill in the blanks such that we have an initial Power Implementation Plan that can be delivered to Louise on Friday. 1 Have all of the forms attached spreadsheet forms complete 2 A product offering sheet is added to the template. Fletch Dana - Please take the lead on creating the product offering list physical and financial. My recommendation is we put products out through 03 for all regions financial and physical. Obviously, the physical products will be contingent on receiving a power marketing license. Cory and Don Baughman - Please take a crack at identifying all of the transmission service agreements we need for the East Christi has started a list already. The attached document should complement the documents sent earlier by Chris Calger. They are evalutating their net exposure with us, including London. Thank you very much for the nice gift and, of course, the 1. I appreciate you girls putting up with me and doing a great job for the whole floor.