The confirms we sent incorrectly placed the "exception language" and I am correcting that today. I have spoken with Jim and he has given me clearance to talk with you. I would like to meet this afternoon if possible. Please call with any questions. I feel very good about keeping nearly all of these people at the levels above and we could lose some key ones if we don't do this. I would like to discuss a term trading job in East Power. On the new phone card some later date , please include Anthony Dayou under retail risk management new category on the card. Louise indicated that credit has agreed to allow credit-worthy counterparties to trade through 2004. Therefore, please ensure we receive this info in a timely manner. I will do almost all trades on-line, therefore, I would like some mechanism to make all trades net on the Holdings page. I can be reached on my cell in Florida. In addition, you can leave messages with the hotel voice mail I am staying at Ritz Carlton on Key Biscayne. I will also be checking e-mail at least once per day. I talked to Julie Havilend about Paine Webber keeping my on-line portfolio manager updated with all of my Enron options. Entering options is tricky and I was hoping you can provide that service for me. Rogers can be reached by e-mail at drherndon aol. He would like updates on activities everyday if possible. Edison International purchased all of Com-Ed's gas and coal plants approx. 2 years ago and now sells the output of these plants back to Com-Ed through 2004. The operators of the plant are threatening a strike and it could have huge implications with plant availability until replacement operators could be found. I would like your group to closely monitor this situation and provide me daily feedback. Several names in my Lotus Address Book that did not transfer to the new Outlook platform. The names that did not transfer have text next to them. There are several other examples of this. I want to make sure that we are adopting a policy whereby any material changes to employment agreements for individual employees are adopted across the board so we are creating consistency for all employees with respect to contract terms and conditions. I think this is very important from an execution and timing standpoint. I would like an affirmative yes on this question by Tuesday am. The market value is calculated based upon the value of the underlying, which grossly overstates the market value of the portfolio. In addition, the year restricted stock and option grant is not yet in the portfolio. It would help me if the grant dates were listed in the Portfolio details. This will help me determine if we are missing anything. Therefore, we don't need to proceed with the diesel installation. I have instructed Terri to make your group whole on any costs incurred pursuing the diesel development in Nebraska. This would be a strategic asset to create a control area around and utilize the flexible interconnections Ameren has with multiple systems. Do you have a list of people for the special trip? Could you please coordinate with aviation to arrange the Falcon to pick up the Portland crew Friday morning with and then confirm flight details with myself and Tim Belden. We may have to arrange for Don Black and Rogers Herndon to fly on commercial flight due to space limitations on the Falcon. Let me know if 14 is over the limit so I can let Rogers and Don know. A group of 14 people West and East Power will be taking an off-site to Cabo June 22-24. We would like for you guys to join the group for a wild weekend in Mexico.