I look forward to meeting and speaking with you tomorrow. Thank you again for taking the time to meet with me last week. After speaking with everyone Thursday it became obvious to me that there are some real opportunities and room for growth with Cinergy right now. It was also apparent that it is going to take a good deal of hard work and the ability to tackle many variant tasks to achieve those aims. To that end, let me reiterate to you my willingness to take on a host of responsibilities to aid in that process. As I expressed to you at lunch, my goal is to obtain the skills and tools that will make me a consistent and effective trader. I left the offices Thursday with the impression that Cinergy, and those with whom I interviewed, could help me to accomplish those objectives. Good luck with the many tasks ahead and I look forward to speaking with you in the future. Sorry I was in such a funk last night, I'm not really sure why but I assume it will pass soon. Anyway, got an email from Emily this morning and she said another trip should be planned to go over in Sept/Oct when the airfares are dirt cheap. I'm guessing I'll probably be up for going again by that time if you don't mind waiting that long. My guess is we could get tickets for somewhere around 350 or 400. I think I found a flight for June probably the 5th - 12th , but I'm going to end up spending somewhere around 600. Just wanted to drop you a quick note and thank you again for taking the time to meet with me on Thursday. I know your schedule has been busy of late, but I very much appreciated having the chance to speak with you regarding Cinergy and the Cincinnati area. The types of roles available with the company at present struck me as both exciting and promising opportunities. Good luck in the continued efforts to move the company in the desired direction and I look forward to speaking with you in the future. susan Hi Herb, Tim Bowler had actually given me your name and email address a little while back and thought it would be a good idea for me to drop you a line. I have been working with Tim for a couple weeks at Enron and, upon learning that I was in the midst of job hunting, he suggested I contact you. For the last year I served as an assistant trader on the West Natural Gas. I'm attaching a copy of my resume to give you a better idea of my background and experience. If you know of any opportunities that seem like possible "good fits" I would very much appreciate hearing about them. Hi Joe, Just wanted to introduce myself and let you know that I received my offer information from Jeff Rogers. Since we didn't have a chance to meet and talk when I was in Kansas City last week, I was hoping at some point we might be able to discuss the responsibilities you envision for me within your group. Please let me know when would be a good time for us to speak. I may cruise over to this place later with my work friend Monique. Regardless, I'd still like to get together for dinner or a drink after work. Drop me a line and let me know if you're still up for doing something. The bluesy music at this six-string bar has drawn celebrities and scenesters for years. The bar's large courtyard, canopied entirely by trees, makes outdoor conversation pleasant even on Houston's sultry summer nights. night's blues jam has been going on for more than 10 years and shows no signs of letting up, especially since it draws the likes of Greg Allman and Richard Gere. If you're really lucky, you might even catch Jim, the owner, wailing away onstage on one of his own Danelectro guitars. I just wanted to check in and see how you are doing these days, and more importantly where you are? I've been interviewing and have a few offers, but am not completely sure what I will be doing. Hope all is well with you and I'd love to hear what is going on in your life. Hey there, Just wanted to check and see what your plan is for this weekend. Shoot me an email if you get the chance and let me know when you're going to be driving into Houston. Talk to you soon, Sue There's a song both you and Mary are currently playing with the following lyrics. Could you enlighten me as to the artist's name? I've got an opinion now. I think we should fly into Brescia Italy. It's on one of those amazing lakes in northern Italy Lago di Garda. com and then just click on photo gallery and Brenzone to see what it looks like. It would be a fantastic trip in my opinion - Lots of great wine. Plus, you can be the exchange rate from Pounds or Dollars to Lire. Paul, I got the message you left yesterday about the 5,000 of Watkins gas from Patina. I will be sure to pass that along to Jay et al. Hope the presentation was a rousing success. I'm sure something wonderful will come up and it will be a fantastic endeavor. Lisa has made the excellent suggestion of Black Lab for food and drinks tomorrow. I think this link will take you to the appropriate map. Name that appears on your birth certificate?