If there is no master firm agreement, we send out our General Terms and Conditions with our confirmation. It appears to me that you and I need to work on getting a master firm agreement in place. Please note that we have a Transfer and Termination Agreement dated January 1, 2000 , whereby certain Columbia Energy financial and purchase sale agreements were terminated by Enron North America Corp. Kind Regards, Dan 212-761-8660 Hi Monique, Good catch. I am couriering over execution copies today. Please call me if you have any questions. Per our numerous conversations, please do not release any payments to B J until I let you know it is o. Attached please find the amendment to the enovate/Allegheny Energy Master Firm Agreement covering the credit provisions. Please review and give me your comments. After speaking with Rudwell about the credit amendment to the Master, I have made revisions to the attached document to reflect our conversation. As such, we will not be receiving a Parent Guarantee on their behalf. I think I have removed the references to the parent guarantee, but can you please review the attached to make sure I did not miss anything. Rudwell - If I mistated anything, please let us know. Allegheny Energy Amendment Attached please find the amendment to the enovate/Allegheny Energy Master Firm Agreement covering the credit provisions. Please review and give me your comments. Attached is a sample of the Master Firm Purchase/Sale Agreement that Enron North America uses for long term, firm deals. I will give you more details when I get them. I thought I had already made them in the draft I sent to Coral the other day. I think these are all fine, but I wanted to run them by you. I have made the requested revisions to the attached Agreements for your review. Transaction Agreements Mike, Attached are red-lined versions of the two Transaction Agreements for the transaction between Coral Energy Resources and enovate which includes the changes that we discussed. Please call me at 713 853-5705 with your comments. Attached are the latest versions of the Transaction Agreements which include the most recent changes. If they are acceptable, please have them signed and sent to me for further handling. I am out of the office today. I willl have an answer for you first thing in the morning. Here are the enovate confirms that we discussed. Dan did a confirm for Oneok which I do not have. I am sorry I have not called to see how you are doing. How is Olivia and the rest of the family? Meredith is sitting and eating some solid foods. I am going to Chicago tomorrow on business. I am going to have dinner with Esther on Thursday night. She said that you are not doing Broadband anymore. When she told me that, it was apparent to me that I have not talked to you in a while. I am not sure if Jeff Hodge has already volunteered me. If he has not, I would like to volunteer to be on the drafting committee. I am not available May 29th through June 1st. Otherwise, I can make myself available whenever the drafting committee meets. Here is how to get a hold of me next week. I will find a fax number in Arkansas and give it to you. Congratulations on the new job and promotion. I did not respond to you sooner because I was on vacation in Arkansas last week. Can you do lunch now that you have a new job?