I appreciate you covering these meetings. While I know you are looking at your return with mixed feelings, I am really looking forward to having you back here. As an aside, I did get a raise approved for you. It is 5 , but I am still waiting final verification from Human Resources. Most of the early termination and alternative damages provision concepts were hammered out. A law firm Shook Shook volunteered to draft language for the concepts agreed to in time for next Friday's committee meeting. There was lot of discussion of what is going on in California and how the early termination process should work. Enron should be fine with all of the concepts except the law firm was pushing an extremely broad set off right. I don't think that is will go cross affiliates but it will go across contracts. I will attend the next meeting most likely by phone. Attached is the latest version of the above-referenced document. I understand from Rudwell that he and Laura have agreed on the credit numbers and I have incorporated the numbers that they have agreed on. Please call me at 713 853-5705 should you have any questions. Please let me know if this does not work for you. I left a message for the Coral attorney this morning. I am planning on telling him about the addition of the phrase when he calls. coral Stacy - one quick question regarding the Coral Transaction Agreements, is it your interpretation that the fuel charge, 1. We tried to make that more specific under the Nicor agreement. Steve has discussed the concept with Coral and they seem to be fine with it. Do you think this is sufficient, or should we be more specific? Attached is the letter we would like signed appointing Enline Solutions agent for Jefferson-Cocke County Utility District. Please let me know if you have any questions. Attached is the letter that we would like to have signed appointing Enline Solutions as agent for Elk River Public Utility District. Please let me know if you have any questions. Please review and let me know if you have any comments. I will not send it to Paul until you tell me to. I added an Event of Default under the Credit Agreement as an additional Triggering Event under the Master Firm Purchase/Sale Agreement. I understand that Jeff Hodge will be out of the office next week. If either you or Jeff have any questions, or if I may be of further assistance, feel free to contact me at your convenience. Kind Regards, Dan Commodities Division--Documentation ph. doc Paul, Attached is the latest version of the Transaction Agreement which incorporates the changes that were discussed yesterday. I do not have access to that database. Attached is the Master firm that we have negotiated. If you don't have access to this Lotus Notes database, please let me know and I can fill out the info for you. They will enter into a new credit agreement but not on identical terms and not necessarily with the same lenders. 5 The treasurer will not agree to xiii in Section 5 of the Transaction Agreement concerning additional debt. Hopefully, this issue will be resolved tomorrow. Attached is the execution version of the above-referenced agreement. Do you know who initialed this agreement?