3 will apply to invoices from such Transporters for Imbalance Charges received. Here is the latest transaction agreement which has my attempt to deal with the terminating credit agreement issue in item 6. Tanya, Did you have any comments to the transaction agreement that I sent yesterday? 3 will apply to invoices from such Transporters for Imbalance Charges received. If you have not already done so, I would run this deal by credit and see what provisions they want included. Attached please find a red-lined and a clean version of the Master Firm Purchase/Sale Agreement which reflect all of the changes that we discussed. Please review and call me if I have missed anything. I will send Mike Palmer the Transaction Agreements this afternoon. Attached is the most recent versions of the above-referenced agreements which incorporates the changes you negotiated with our Credit Department. There was one additional change to the Master Agreement to Section 4. I have also attached the letter agreement which cancels the physical gas deals for April. Please review and give me your comments. I think that we should seek out and destroy every old Seagull contract. If we are doing business under any of them, we need to get new cotnracts in place. She should start talking before long if she has not already. I'm sure that you are teaching her to say Stacy. I understand Mr Espey is not doing as well as hoped. That must be particularly difficult for you guys since you are not near by. When do you think that you will be in Houston again? We got used to your being around last year. She still does an occasional face-plant though. We went to Arkansas for Easter so Meredith had her first plane ride. I can't imagine entertaining a baby for five hours on a plane like you do! We only feed her twice a week which does not help. We keep joking that she will still be on formula when she goes to kindergarden! I will send some picutures of Meredith soon. Also, attached is the April Transaction Confirmation Letter with the change to the addressee. I understand that the changes that you requested to the swap guaranty are acceptable and that you will receive revised agreements shortly. Please let me know if there is anything else outstanding. Attached are red-lined versions of the two Transaction Agreements for the transaction between Coral Energy Resources and enovate which includes the changes that we discussed. I need to see the contract to figure out what is going on. Do you know which attorney initialed it? It has provisions for collateral and includes an Enron guaranty and limited power of attorney. Also, what's the difference between the two contracts? Is it just the collateral provisions and guaranty that make it different? I'd attach a copy, but it hasn't been scanned yet. Thanks, Susan I was very much looking forward to reviewing the protocol but to my disappointment it was not attached!