John's sister, Lynn, got married two weekends ago. Then, we went on vacation for the past week to Kiahwah. I am now the Managing Director of our internal trading platform. I miss Jennifer, she was really great to work with. I took a cute picture of her sleeping from when you were over and she had tired herself out from crying hee, hee. A little boy named William after his pop. She has taken to motherhood and absolutely loves it. She's always been a kind of crazy that way! I still have the same work number and John is out traveling all week so I have time to chat at night, too. Not that I wouldn't have time to chat if he was around! doc Please let me know if you have any problems locating these documents. I had a couple of minor changes to the Reimbursement Agreement. Attached is a redlined version which shows my changes. Attached is a draft of the services agreement with Garden State Paper. We need to discuss a couple of things after you have read the agreement. I also need to add a little bit more legal boilerplate. I will get the new versions to you first thing in the morning. Here is the master as I think it stands. There is some language added that Rudwell requested. I am not clear on whether Randy O has seen the credit lanugage. Let me know what you think and I will send it to Randy O. There was a typo in the one I sent yesterday. Attached is a clean version and a redlined version of the above-referenced document which incorporates the changes that we discussed with the exception of the end of Section 4. That language was added based on what our credit department wants. I have a conference call from 2-4 tomorrow and I have a lunch meeting. To ensure that you experience a successful migration from Notes to Outlook, it is necessary to gather individual user information prior to your date of migration. Please take a few minutes to completely fill out the following survey. When you finish, simply click on the 'Reply With History' button then hit 'Send' Your survey will automatically be sent to the Outlook 2000 Migration Mailbox. None Do you have permission to access anyone's Email/Calendar? Does anyone have permission to access your Email/Calendar? Theresa Zucha Are you responsible for updating anyone else's address book? Is anyone else responsible for updating your address book? Do you have access to a shared calendar? Do you have any Distribution Groups that Messaging maintains for you for mass mailings ? 30 Will you be out of the office in the near future for vacation, leave, etc? I could not tell from the ClickAtHome intranet. I am not aware of any restrictions concerning physical trading with coops. I am trying to assess credit for a new customer, National Gas Oil Cooperative. Can you please let me know if there is any additional information that we need to obtain before granting credit to this company?