You seem to have applied yourself this semester and I am pleased. You are beginning to realize that time goes by awfully fast and we had better enjoy what we are doing while we are doing it. End of my phiposophical analysis of life for tday! I will try to bring it tonight or better still can your Mom bring you over to get it tomorrow. Daddy My condolences on the loss of your grandfather. Please let us know if there is anything we can do. I need one more weekend to get the soreness out of my knee which I messed up by playing too soon two weeks ago! It should be the Chairman's choice but I would favor a Houston location. Also, please strongly consider having the Board meeting on Tuesday afternoon in lieu of the golf outing. You might just get some Board members to attend at least one day of the annual meeting. Going to one of the power desks was a good move. Experience on the desk will prove very valuable in the years ahead. I hope you made your Dad pay a premium for those peakers! We have distributed to the Board Committee only. My initial reaction is there is alot we agree on but there is much we do not agree on. Also, this Board meeting will be my last as Chairman. I do not know what role, if any, Bill Boswell the incoming Chairman would like me to play in the future in this effort. Remember that Cathy and Carol's birthday is Nov. I sent them a card and a 100 check to go out to dinner on us. Love' Dad I recieved the same document. If you would distribute it to the committee that would be appreciated. Depending on the strawman I feel we are beginning to lose key support from the Board to work this matter. Bill we need to get the Board to continue to follow him if we are to make progress. Caron mentioned it to me but we did not have time to talk about it. I will talk with her this weekend and see what she has to say. Fell like I am coming down with something. Sorry I didn,t get to talk with you last night. Both babies were real fussy and we had to work hard to get them down. I look forward to you getting home for Turkey Day! Dad I do not think I will be able to do the conference call tomorrow. Could you call me on Monday with further information on our panel? Six lousy weeks away from me and you go do something like this. Shelley, we need to make sure Mike knows of all the ramifications of this entire deal. I have no problem with them pursuing a regulatory approach to the quality issue but a commercial decision would be better for all parties. I just decided to go pretty easy on it for the next couple of weeks and see if it gets any better. The question is when would be a good time. Cindy is out this week but I will have her figure out a date. I tried to play last week at a company outing and can barely walk now. Anyone want to plat golf the Saturday after Thanksgiving? Since we are in the process of trying to exit this business the answer from Enron Wind would be no. You might want to contact Condy Plson to see if the idea has any value to Enron. I am very pleased and wish you all the best in your new job. Please keep me updated on how you are doing. I guess this will make your Holidays a little better! Then I am free for at least a couple of hours before I have to go to the Hyatt. I think however you leave earlier than that and thats ok. I will be tied up the rest of the time there. We released 3rd quarter earnings and have a analyst conference call. I understand this is your last day of work until the baby is born. I just wanted to tell you that you will be in my prayers and I am confident everything will go great. Stan There is not much noted in the finished column. An explanation or revised finish date would be helpful. Is the report not up to date or are we falling bhind in gettin items completed! Stan Horton You should have a lot of fun working with my good friend George Wasaff. I go to Chicago tonight for the night and then back tomorrow. I told you whoever took Florida would win the election. Dad Per my discussion with Jeff Skilling, Rod Hayslett will be added to the Executive Committee. Thanks, Stan I am sorry that you don't feel well. Please go to the Health Center and get some antibiotics. If you feel bad later in the week, make reservations to fly home this weekend and put the bill on the credit card. I will check with your mom tonight to see how you are. I think Bush has it and I don't think it will be that close. If Gore wins these two states he has a chance if he takes Michigan.