I feel it would be better if I turned it over to someone else. Dave Gorte in my group would be my recommendation as a replacement. If Dave does not have an interest, Brad Larson could also fill in. I have asked Dave to continue reviewing the deals and initial the Dash but I want to sign them. This will enable me to be more on top of transactions and also allow me to relate to the other things that are going on. This is the bare bones list of people I need, which is a 47 reduction. Also included is a list of recommended bonuses to keep some of them. I will modify it any way your heart desires. Did you send out a global message from me? I have received many replies that message is undeliverable. I have tried my best over the years to improve deal quality to an audience that usually told me that I was irrelevant. Suggest you get facts before judging anyone. After the show I concluded that either a 42 or 46 foot classic is most appropriate for my needs. Would like to also consider the 36 foot model. Thanks for the info though and keep me in mind. As I mentioned I am in no particular rush as I probably have a year before I want to go forward on this but if something exciting came up, either new or used, I may be interested. Again, I would need your help in obtaining appropriate dockage in someone's backyard! It is with great sorrow that I must announce the passing of Andy Knight, manager in the Market Risk Group. 22, 2001 and will have funeral services in Florida. There may be a memorial service here in Houston arranged through his church but details have not been announced. Please contact Veronica Valdez for details. Andy had a warm and personable style, which along with his technical capability, made him a real asset to the group. I will try and get more details for this but we should get together soon and get it organized. I think we should give them an overview of the business and what needs to be accomplished in each of the above areas. Do I want to be represented by someone named lawless? Was speaking w/ Lavo today on a different matter and he mentioned you were a great help to him in managing his world and was quite complementary overall. Spoke with Ben Glisan re our conversation on retail credit and concluded that we should meet with some banks that specialize in this area. Can you prepare a brief presentation that would serve as a discussion document for such a meeting. The concept is that a deal flows into a website? If it met deal criteria and portfolio requirements, it would flow directly to an outside shop that would fund, bill, track etc. Enron could possibly keep a small interest in economics and of course a skim. Lets review presentation, then discuss with Ben/Andy and Janet D. We are shooting for a Friday 23 meeting. Childers informed me and rubbed it in that he was key in talking me out of that decision. I think I made the right decision ya think? The Board meeting has concluded and I can now focus on the task force. If you want someone else to manage the effort we will assist as we can. No problem publishing- fake numbers, fake names and the real deal was not done. No further Board approval is required. As mentioned in our floor meeting recently, attached are listings of teams that we are forming to better address the business needs of Enron as it expands both in volume and scope. Only the more senior people were included, but others will be included as appropriate. Following are several thoughts concerning this process for consideration. - The purpose of this exercise is to better serve the customer, the commercial business units and achieve this within our control framework. - All existing reporting relationships remain unchanged, for the moment.