The building blocks symbolize Enron's commitment to "Building Houston's Future" with the United Way and the schedule outlines the coming activities that Enron employees will be engaging in to show support for the United Way Agencies and the Houston community. If you have already volunteered to play a role in this activity--thank you. On Friday, August 10, Enron will host an Appreciation Event in Antioch Park which will include a complimentary lunch from Chick-Fil-A and activities to celebrate Enron employee efforts during the week. Included in this event will be the Building Block Challenge contest featuring managers from around Enron including Dave Gorte and Chip Schneider on the Corporate Team. Please plan on coming out to join-in the celebration and support our colleagues. Of course, underlying all of the planned activities is the financial need that the Houston area United Way Agencies have for the Year 2002. This year has been extraordinary due to the flooding and devastation experienced by the Houston area during Tropical Storm Alison. In addition to providing their typical day-to-day community services, many United Way Agencies played a crucial role in the recovery effort and still provide support to those affected by the storm. A contribution to the United Way this year is as important as ever given the extraordinary need. 00 go directly to benefit our friends, neighbors and fellow citizens in the Houston area. Contributions can be made by clicking on the Enron Human Resources website at. I will be unable to attend this meeting as I will be in Canada meeting with banks. Bill Bradford could attend in my absense if Dan thinks appropriate. We should shut these offices down because we can not control them. They don't make much money and will be a huge negative after losses at Long Beach. We establish a rigid template for how these offices operate. My thought is that we create a McDonalds Hamburger type operation. Each office is exactly the same and operates under precise and well communicated rules. "Hamburger" quality is monitored from Houston routinely. There are a huge number of these remote offices so we need to address how we proceed. I would like to extend my appreciation to you and all who contributed to the preparation of the Audit, Finance and combined meetings books, policies, simulations, calculations and machinations involved in this effort. I would be happy to sponsor a happy hour if anyone is interested. I will not be able to attend but would love to. I will be out after today's meetings for a while but I can be reached and I will occasionally check email and voice mail. Thanks so much for the helpful letter on membership and general information. Your letter indicated that I should make application through the Membership Committee, who would provide me with an application. Roth on the letter so I will contact him to request an application or schedule a meeting. I found a potential slip at Great Cove Boat Club and was wondering if you had heard of this marina and if other members used this facility. I heard on the news one of the pilots was from Portsmouth. I'm sure people there are as devastated as they are here. I was just thinking of the mountain of things going on, outside of normal stuff, and I decided to make a list. I think we should have a meeting to discuss above. Organization and website need to adapt to current business environment. If anything else belongs on this list let me know. Buy and I saw your note in Points East magazine indicating you could take on some new members. I own a 25 foot Boston Whaler, am new to the area, and would like to meet some nice people and would like to join others on a cruise occasionally. My wife, Janice, likes boating as well but neither of us owns an ascot. I would love to give you a call and discuss this but I thought I would write this email first. I can't believe you finally got Vlady. You must have snuck in while I was on vacation. By the way, Whalley, Port and I talked and decided we would try removing all your limits except var. Now that Raptor is blown up, should we begin valuation efforts of assets and include in merchant portfolio. I am not familiar with details of how it unwound so I don't know what we are left with. Is this worth a meeting with you or your designesss? I had my weekly update meeting with my team on metals and was quite encouraged by the report. Seems like real good progress on all fronts. As400 systems work, var implementation and trading results all seemed positive. Metals was one of my biggest worries but has slipped way down the list. If anyone asks just say I'm in Dallas and you don't know why. Meet at arriving passenger area at lower level.