Teams should meet weekly, at least, to discuss issues. Transactions will require more frequent informal meetings. There are no excuses for forgetting to consider the impact on a deal of credit, market risk or our portfolio. All team members are responsible for all aspects of a transaction. - If formal cross-training is necessary, force it to happen. - Encourage weak links in team to perform. If it makes sense to sit together for logistical reasons try to arrange it with your supervisor. Thanks in advance for your cooperation in this effort. You are doing a great job there for us but if it gets to be too much we'll try to help. I noticed that west power has already made a fortune this year so it must be crazy. My daughter has reservations at Kingsway House, 71 Eardley Court. Can you see if anyone knows if this place is a disaster? She is going with a girlfriend that doesn't have hardly any money so they had to find a place that was cheap which worries me no end. If you give me a brief description of what you are referring to I can forward to the correct person. Since my daughter is going over to London it prompted me to see if that would be a good time for me to come as well. I sent my best guy there so I hope there is improvement. We have been talking to a candidate for credit that Ted will be discussing with you soon. Hopefully we can make progress there also. I want complete buy in from you and John on this guy before we proceed. Separately, the scrap metals meeting we had with Causey went well. We will reconvene in two weeks to see where we are. Does it make sense to run resume past Brown and Sherriff prior to bringing him over? Also, is the idea he would be a director, sr director or vp? Each of these paths has consequences as you know. It is demoralizing to the remaining estate people and I am having a huge problem keeping people in their seats. Three have quit this week and we need the ones that remain. They sweep retail deals into book once a week on this day. This increase only needs to be 2-3- million. Fasten seat belts and apply oxygen masks. Ted tells me you guys have already taken action on this which greatly relieves me. I have a meeting scheduled with Causey and will get up to speed on what exactly what has transpired prior to that meeting. Thanks for giving this your immediate attention. We need immediate action on this up to and including shutting it down. This was the worst we have seen at Enron and I don't even want to put in this email what I heard was going on there. We need a coordinated solution here asap to avoid a real disaster, if there isn't one already. I'll speak with Causey here about what immediate action we should take but the more you guys can dig into this the better. The above transaction was presented to the Board on 1-29-2001. There was considerable discussion which I have summarized below. I answered positively, which is what the capital price addresses. The dash return is a blended debt and equity return. Was the 19 million excess proceeds enough to allow the company to operate. I answered yes since 85 of reserves are producing and little capital will be needed to develop pdnp and pud reserves. Is management capable of operating or will they be in chapter 11 again soon. I answered that the bankruptcy was a result of overpaying for Wyoming deal and low commodity prices last two years which resulted in a bb decrease below outstanding. We will have to watch this issue carefully. Answered that all creditors were made whole and likely that someone will come into credit but it was a risk, although for the time being they had enough cash to operate. This feedback is just for fyi but it does indicate that board is active and not a rubber stamp. Craig, received another statement showing another service charge. They are very nice and are expecting you and Rebecca. Feel free to ask them for advice, help or whatever. If something happens and you need money I'll pay Ted back. I may have caused some confusion regarding a credit person in New York. Turns out it was Bridgett Frazer who Bryan hired for Credit. Wanted to apologize for running out on you in our meeting in London.