We have one turn of the document to do but we are in good shape here I guess that is to say we are perfectly positioned to offer millions and millions in sponsor support. I want to take just a little more time on the model to make sure everything we send will tie, but we will get it to them on Monday for sure. We are still trying to make everything make sense, make certain strategic decisions on presentation, and make all of the presentations tic and tie as Connie would say. I believe we will have no problem accomplishing all of this by early Monday and then you and Laine can review and make additional changes if you like. We can talk on Monday as well about how we handle Shell, but an expedited approach should be doable with the right spin. However, I am concerned that the base case you agreed with Johanas is no longer accurate given the status of Laine's negotiations. I did not understand specifically your question about cash below. Could you clarify this particular concern further for me so I can look into it. I am going to get much closer to the model this time than last because of the turnover due to Robert and Joana moving on. Give me a call if there is anything else you want me to look into. We also need to put on these models that this is Enron's latest update and send to shell simultaneaously or get shell's approval first which ain't going to happen quick. You and I are on the same page here. I was aware of this, I'm just trying to figure out how to present this in a way that it does not invite much review or discussion. It is one of the few elements which have to bridge the budget and the cash flow statement. I am hopeful that the lenders will continue not to focus on it since there is no assurance that it will be received and more astute lenders would probably make us guarantee it. You may have received my email by now instructing him to clear the models with you before we go further. This is one of the mistakes I made when you first joined the team and I wont make it again. We have 21mm in cash flow during operations that we plan to use to reduce our capital commitments and I just want to make sure we fight the lenders to give us asmuch credit as possible for this cash. We are still trying to make everything make sense, make certain strategic decisions on presentation, and make all of the presentations tic and tie as Connie would say. I believe we will have no problem accomplishing all of this by early Monday and then you and Laine can review and make additional changes if you like. We can talk on Monday as well about how we handle Shell, but an expedited approach should be doable with the right spin. However, I am concerned that the base case you agreed with Johanas is no longer accurate given the status of Laine's negotiations. I did not understand specifically your question about cash below. Could you clarify this particular concern further for me so I can look into it. I am going to get much closer to the model this time than last because of the turnover due to Robert and Joana moving on. Give me a call if there is anything else you want me to look into. What is not firmly established is the total budget amount. We are removing the contingency which reduces the budget but that is offset by some fuel oil expense and F/X expense which is increasing. However, I dont see a reduction from cash from operations in the models that were sent to the lenders in August by Roberto. I dont remember either Robert or Roberto mentioning this assumptions at that time either. I included cash from operations in the Project Cost Tab in the Consolidated Model to match the reconciliation file that Tracee has which will be shown to the lenders.