Any curve shift positive from now until the transaction is actually unwound will be credited back to the orig desk and any negative curve shift from here on in will be credited to the trading desk. In addition to the transportation income being generated, additional orig will be generated by entering into wellhead and market based transactions with the desks. I believe that all of the risks and discussions associated with the structures have been well communicated with each book by Mark Whitt and we will be meeting with each of you early next week to get the structures and booking set up properly. I trust that this note covers the general areas related to this deal and I am very pleased with the high level of cooperation shown by everyone. Pls review file and if there are any questions give me a call. I am not going to hard trade the buyers at this point until we know for sure Suncor is there. By the way, this number needs to be close to zero as there is not much left over. Under this structre Suncor keeps capacity until Apr. There are no liquids conversations being conducted at this time and pending structure may not be. None of the financial markets support premium payments for any term. What I really want to do is tie out paper work, signatures and ensure that we are tight on all fronts. I will not leave town without getting this to you somehow. I would like to discuss the details of a bill. What is this base fee, are there other plans available? Are we getting any value in using cingular especially this plan. How many minutes are we getting what are the long distance and roaming rates? Also, pls verify who has cell phones in Denver and what the monthly bills look like for this office. I should be able to get back to you in the next hour or so. Any comments on the process or path I should take on getting this done. I have decided for at least the next week or so to defer my travel plans I am not the best flyer at the best of times. As such, we should work towards the end of the month as a timeline for us to come down. We can nail down specific dates soonest. I received your message but was unable to call you back next week. Give me a call at your convenience to discuss any matters you were wanting to talk about. You and I need to hook up on Monday to discuss plan of attack regarding gas and as per your original message I agree with you, it starts with some basic discussions around their intent, vs trying to bang out a Master agreement that may go no where. Also, I ran into Mike Roberts the weather guy and he would like to join us some lunch hour. As part of our business plan for 2001 Phillip and myself will make a presentation to Delainey et al regarding the West Initiatives. As you guys know our group in total is going to be made up of a few key areas. Can you put together in draft form a business plan for next year that outlines some key items. Once we have a first pass at this, we can incorporate into the overall package and decide how this fits in with our new group. Call me to discuss, but we should start to discuss detail early next week. as such, can you please forward to me Dave's Cell phone, and work 's to re-install.