He was looking at my screen and was interested in getting it. Also, can you provide for him a report on what systems his group currently has and whether or not there is an opportunity to reduce some of his costs by using the system that you set me up with. did you ever get anywhere with Piper Energy in Calgary. Also, I am in my organizer as we speak I may have missed some of the options information and am rechecking. I have also made a hard copy of this and will bring it home tonight. gov then click on forms then go to form 1099 W-7. Also, should I include a blank cheque to you for payment to the Canadian Taxes or do you want me to wait until we know what the amount is. I am away during this period but I may have Kim Ward take a couple of my customers. also, can you make a dinner reservation the restaurant Kuleto's which is at the Villa Florence. They will sell day by day as they manage their load. However, I still question why this is required as there should not be any prior issues related to this capacity. Call me back if you need to speak with me. I have a few but I don't believe I have them all either. As i had said yesterday, San Juan receipt point status is a lot cheaper than Permian. I have the tickets for 1,2,3 if that influences your dad at all. you us Canadians, always looking for the deal. My transition down to Houston has all in all gone pretty good. We settled in pretty quick at home and Kim is being quite a trooper regarding her home life although I know she misses outside interaction. She may be able to work soon so this should help keep her busy. I could easily spend every day on the road. but I will pay the price for the summer because you can't do anything when it is a 100 degrees. then over to the house for dinner on Friday night. This package will form part of all of your outgoing conversations with customers and will be set up in such a way that it can be customized for each customer group, buyers or sellers. items that will affect Hydro this year. Summary of misc and related items that will have an effect on West gas and power. I will track down an old copy of the files that we used ot use so as to not reinvent the wheel if and where at all possible. Phillip will take the lead on putting this information package together. Dave Fuller will assist in some of the output. This should be completed in draft form by the end of the week. We should be after a guality package that we are prepared to take to our customers on a qrtly basis as part of our customer coverage rotation. Previous packages that you think are helpful shoudl be sent into phil's attention. Mercado transacted with Enron North America under the terms and conditions of a financial transaction and these transactions have been or will be settled financially, however these transactions could have been set up as physical. The structure of the transaction changes as a result of a few variables, including the price,day of cash settlement, and curtailment issues on San Jan deliveries which would then automatically convert the fixed price portion to 100 load factor and settlement would be on 100 of the volume regardless as to what physically flowed. Please call me if there are any questions regarding this note.