Rumor has it that you and i are bunking together. John thought you might want to share a king bed but until we get to know each other better, we should get two queens. I have not stayed at the belagio, should be nice. I will forward this note and talk to my Canadian Counterpart, he will follow up as required. I am sure you are glad school is coming to the end. I sat down with the tech guys and wrote down every word. The contact for my insurance is Stacey Spears Farmers Ins. If you can hold off contacting him until tommorrow I will then decide if i am using them for sure. I did not receive the visa package last week. My grandmothers prayers are on tues night. around 6 00 and then off to San Fran and L. I might need a raise if I am going to Jet around the country like a rock star. Anything in the markets that I should be aware of ? I will advise pablo or yourself as my schedule becomes available. I am unavailable for the rest of the week. This packages will always be a work in progress make sure that the message that you are intending to deliver is delivered so have a wrap up slide s that brings the whole thing home and leaves your customers with a summarized version of your presentation. Kim, I would like to use this format in our discussions with Long Beach and Palo Alto. In light of my schedule I would ask that you ensure that the material is in the format you would like. Also, our discussions with Long Beach are going to be around outsourcing and their performance against Socal's index. We have done some analysis of this data but not enough to bring in recommendations. As part of our discussions, we need a section on Risk Management Services, historical pricing Socal vs Long Beach. Recommendations on some risk management products and then next steps slides. Our objective with both co's is to get involved in their management and outsourcing of some of their load. I would like to pursue a proposal whereby we setup with Long beach a 3 or 5 year structure that provides both long term and short term incentives on their price vs Socal. Even if we have to warehouse this we should be able to. grandma passed away I am very much looking forward to the june trip myself. Gerald has raised the amending lanuage and I will review this week. I then coverted it to Canadian 's and that is what is on my T4. The equities that I owned did include Communications System International, and I think that is it However, I am travelling and unable to confirm this for you until Apr. If there are any questions, pls contact me via this address. regards, bt Due to some changes in my schedule, I would like to deffer the install date I will follow up with Pablo once I know what that new schedule looks like. In terms of supporting my click at home. I don't really care if it is supported or not, but I require complete access to my work files, notes Yes, we can make that payment for any date. Let's raise a letter amending the payment from 30 days to whatever date he wants. At this time, I do not have a cell phone number where I can be reached at. Please direct my calls accordingly and any messages to my main line. Bill, the language that we have used for discounting had a 200 basis point amount attached to it. It should not be included based on our last conversation. If this is going to be attached as a schedule then it still needs to go through some changes. The calculation, summary page is almost complete. Gerald, rather than say mid month define the language to say. in the event that the start date is delayed past Aug 1 and prior to Sept 1, then the start date shall be Sept 1. She needs a letter on file verifying that I will have these funds. We still need to decide where we are going to put this money. For right now, we should plan on me signing the promisary note by fax, and then have a cheque sent up to me in Canada so that I can consolidate with the rest of the funds required for closing. If there are any other changes, please do so. Otherwise, Sandy is will attach this to a file we are sending out with some historical numbers. I need a lawyer to assist in the preparation and filing of a Visa for my spouse. Can you advise as to the best route to get this underway.  You can direct Kern that we are prepared to underpin that exposure such that Enron wears that risk as 1.