the fact it may be the only thing I get out of this co. I have also received the bridge loan documents and have signed these forms and sent them back to as of right now via inter office mail you should have by tommorrow Weds. I think that is about it other than I need to make arrangements for a cheque to be in my hands for friday morning. At this time, I still do not know where to have this sent. I am working internally to get our corporation over the top on the primary contractual and credit issues and believe I am making progress. Is there any possibility that this could get paid on the 5th of the month following delivery at least in the beginning. seems like its been a while since we met in San Fransisco, and of course so much has happened since then. I have been talking with our in house legal and with Canada and I know Eric and yourself have also been talking. With that being said, there are two areas which I would like to refresh from our discussions. Did you give any further thought to the utilization of Daily gas sales as a collateral. Lot's of details to work out, but I would like to keep this discussion at the forefront. I can send the details of how this proposal would work if required. I am looking to assign this capacity and possibly and would like to investigate your supply requirements and possible alternatives such that you can consider our capacity. I trust all is well and look forward to talking to you soon. Amy, can you add the cash and rest of month price for Henry Hub onto your daily pricing sheet. I think the cash to futures spreads for pretty relevant in today's market place as the cash market continues to trade well below futures. Also, please look into pre-booking conference room space. In terms of a 4 some, check to see if Fletch wants to play. I will re-check with Lavo to see if he is available. I still think it would be timely for all of us to get together for a drink but in light of this small logistical issue we may want to postpone until we move in and then go out next week. Once things settle down assuming they do I look forward to talking specifically to you regarding increased initiatives on our parts to ensure we are getting everything we can out of marketing and trading efforts. It is my observation that we have not made the progress I would have liked in terms of information flow. This probably has as much to do with individuals as it does anything else. 00 meeting with the weather desk can you verify that I have a room booked my room is fine , just make sure Grigsby is not using it either. Fran, are you looking after payroll issues or is it going to be Jeannie Sloan Thanks. am call to watch Micheal Is she getting close? I heard Kim and her had their nails and toes done yesterday. estimated and I would try to get the payments from them to us made on the 5th business day vs the 25th business day following delivery. Our master will give us rights for reasonable financial assurances but not definative collateral threshold amount, infact we should keep this at zero for both sides until the air clears. I do not think we are in a position today to ask for pre-pays. Pls do not distribute and handle with care with Steve. Further to our conversation yesterday, Phillip has asked that we meet today to update him on the general and specific efforts related to regulatory concerns on El Paso pipeline. Pls be prepared to discuss the major items we had identified last session and what our position and repsonse is planned to be. If there are any questions give me a call.