if so, let's grab a minute to talk about Puget. If not, pls call me when you have a moment. I remain unclear as to who actually is doing the gas buying. Further to our conversation of last week. Any updates on Crestone structure re-price of deal , also, Paul discussed the Northern Border deal with potentially the producers underpinning. Also, the roadrunner e-mail address seems to have disappeared off of my mainframe. do you now why and do I have to re-install or talk to roadrunner. I thought I would invite you, I know we could all use a couple. I have not heard much about that and was wondering if these payments were all part of the Bond issue. They have contacted us and I beleive they will be exercising and would like to get the paperwork back in order to get this process moving. Can you please have document signed and returned to me soonest. can you do me a favor and get me the Home, Cell and work numbers of the following people in Canada. I know there was some very good clarification, information and hopefully action required by all the parties. I have also raised a draft Master Firm agreement to handle term structures and will begin to review this for early next week also. Thanks in advance, Barry Tycholiz Vice President Enron North America Mark, I was talking to Jay on Friday and he was telling about Kerr McGee shutting down their operations. We would also be buying the option from another party or hedging this structure and this cash would be used to offset future liabilities related to the deal. I have no new info regarding this matter but believe that the proper vehicles are in place to maintain liquidity. I am very interested in what the wholesale customers have to say about our issues. Do they have a mandate to not trade, are they wanting to turn down their exposures etc. If any customers say this, then let me know. This will end up in a power point slide presentation so I have been told. Don't know if there is a deal here or not? If you have time, give me a call and you can update me on things you are looking for. I thought the time together was well spent and there is some action items required on all parties. We will follow up directly with Pemex on some contractual issues and potential transport deals. Did you get anywhere with regards to your regulatory matters? Is there any specific action required by west gas at this time, if so, pls contact me to coordinate? The more obligation they have at the border, the better off we are. What they used to deliver upstream of the border, we can replace for them synthetically. Pls update and let's discuss in next couple of days. Louise does expect that this program will continue but agrees that at this time, priorities lie elsewhere! Pls contact me if there are any questions, otherwise can you coordinate with Karen Buckley et al. regards, Barry Tycholiz Bill, as part of our conference call this a. m please have Debbie identify the top 20 companies that we have out of the money positions to and that we would want to assign in the money deals to. Included in this list we must know the contractual terms of these counter parties including, company name, collateral threshold limits, collateral posted, type of contract gas or power. In addition to this, we must determine if we can cross pollinate agreements.