Paul, here's the open season on our Sun Devil project designed to meet the growing needs of the Phoenix electric generation market. Please feel free to call me with any questions. Kevin, please review the attached and add any details you feel are necessary. thanks, khyatt James, can you please run 2 cases to calculate a backhaul rate to Phoenix using Sun Devil? what does the rate need to be using 100 load factors for 20 years with the terminal value and our hurdle return rate of 15 ? Assume fuel at 0 for the entire term source of gas would likely be Cal border area storage facilities. thanks kh Dear Curt-- thanks for your phone call this morning. After you and Tom Carlson have had a chance to review, please feel free to contact us with any questions. the new cable modem at home is great I got the first month free. It's like being at work in terms of internet speed. Now I can download those Victoria Secret catalogs even faster Allan-- we estimate 40-55 of the Enron sponsors have been severed, this would translate to approx. Of these, we have only needed to re-sponsor 12 children, but we won't know the final tally until Friday afternoon. Below is description of Gordon Elementary given to me by the school. Let me know if I can provide any additional information. Everyone of the 500 students who attend Gordon is bused to the school from the Gulfton, Fondren Southwest and Westbury areas. These children who attend classes from kindergarten to fifth grade come from families that are primarily immigrants, refugees, and first generation Americans. They represent every inhabited continent except Australia so far. We also have American born inner city children as well. However, our school is overwhelming Hispanic which at last count was 77 per cent. In term of needs, although most of our families have one or more parents working, the number of students receiving free or reduced lunch this year was 98. We have had 100 per cent in years pass as well. These numbers indicate the percentage of families below the poverty level. As a result, we provide students with free or reduced lunch and breakfast each day. We also provide a free extended day program. What we have discovered over the years is that the needs don't stop there. We have learned to stock or attempt to supply all sorts of items. We have an on going need for school supplies, children's' shirts, blouses, slacks and jumpers, as well as sweaters and jackets for Houston's short winter. We try to give each student one gift at Christmas because we discovered that many families don't have the money to provide their children with more than the basics. We try to collect used bicycles to give away as door prizes for our family math and family reading nights to encourage parents to get involve in school. Both our library and classrooms are in need of literature books both in English and in Spanish. We struggle to support our own home grown soccer league. We take the funds we collect from our Fall Festival Halloween Carnival to pay for a school wide field trip to the Oil Ranch which gives children an opportunity to see cows and chickens and cattle and to paddleboat on a lake. We pay for those children who cannot afford the 5 admission fee and we pay for the bus transportation. We try to underwrite the cost of buses for field trips and we raise funds for cultural performances such as plays, or musical performances because we realize this is the only exposure most of our children experience. We have been slowly incorporating MacIntosh computers into classrooms and are always in need of assistance in that area especially for the upper grades. We have wanted for a long time to plant bushes around our 9 t-buildings to make our campus more attractive for our children because so many of them stare at concrete apartment surroundings. Bill, I need a confidentiality agrmt for a proposed pipe sale transaction. They are interested in purchasing approx. The pipe in located in Ward and Pecos County, Texas. is executed, we would let Pioneer begin due diligence covering information such as easements, maintenance records, physical location, etc. Pioneer is an owner/operator of gas gathering intrastate pipe transmission assets.