I've installed a new one, but the only windows operating system I have is on a restore disk from Compaq win95 and for some reason, it's giving me an "image builder" error when I try the restore. This may be due to the fact that I trying to restore on a bigger hard drive than the original. Anyway, I also have win98 upgrade 2nd edition. When I try to load this, is looks for verification of ownership of a previous win system which I don't have except on the restore disk which won't work. So my question is this, do we have an old Win98 operating system lying around I can borrow so I can load my win98 upgrade? thanks, Kevin x35559 I verified the numbers with Ron, he did make the addition error. I also added the line for the Red Hawk lateral as a separate item. James had already run the economics using 843mm plus a 5 risk adjustment adder for the Capex for a total of 885mm. I think we have enough pad in this thing to take care of the error. I am checking with Glen Hass in Omaha to see if we can get tied into the call. Received the agreement from you and am awaiting signature from my V. In the meantime, I'm having field ops start pulling maintenance files and easement records. If you think of anything else you'd like to review, please let me know. kevin I am still slated to be the panel chairperson for the Natural Gas Infrastructure Committee at the Electric Power Conference in St. Hyatt's ofc Attached are my notes from the open season meeting today. Feel free to amend with your own notes those of you who attended of course. Citizens Utilities Compression ops agrmt w/ Aquila Let me know if you'd like to get together for a brainstorm session. Jeff-- per our conversation this morning, attached is the original project open season announcement from August 2001. Please don't hesitate to call me with any questions. I hope your conversation with Paul Cherry went well last week. Paul indicated to me that you might be sending a Conf Agrmt for us to execute so you could then pass along to us some of the debt covenant waterfall language. I'll be happy to push that agreement thru the channels here once you send it. If you feel it might be faster for us to send you our standard form agreement, let me know. Let me know if I should need to re-schedule. It is the nature of chickens to cross roads. To boldly go where no chicken has gone before. Because that's the only trip the establishment would let it take. This was an unprovoked act of rebellion. We were justified in dropping 50 tons of nerve gas on it. Because of an excess of phlegm in its pancreas. Deregulation of the chicken's side of the road was a threatening dominant market position. The chicken was faced with significant challenges to create and develop the competencies required for the newly competitive market. Andersen Consulting, in a partnering relationship with the client, helped the chicken by rethinking its physical distribution strategy and implementation processes. Andersen Consulting convened a diverse cross-spectrum of road analysts and best chickens along with Anderson consultants with deep skills in the transportation industry to engage in a two-day itinerary of meetings in order to leverage their personal knowledge capital, both tacit and explicit, and to enable them to synergize with each other in order to achieve the implicit goals of delivering and successfully architecting and implementing an enterprise-wide value framework across the continuum of poultry cross-median processes.