school supplies sports soccer wants to be teacher when he grows up likes camping Tracy, thanks for doing this. I'm looking for historical info for say the last 6 months. I picked up one of your flyers. I'm looking for storage for my 2000 Expedition to hold hunting equipment. Also, would you be willing to sell the plans copyrighted of course. I have a pretty extensive wood shop and might want to make the box myself. It was nice to meet you at the Sempra dinner last week. We got 8 ducks on Sunday morning, but lost 2. Aquila informed us they are about to announce an open season in the next day or so with their partner Southwest Gas on a new storage project near Vegas. They propose to have 12 Bcf total, 6 B in first phase. Location is in the same salt formation as Desert Crossing. I am supposed to talk with their development person on thurs about a pipe option. Kevin, attached is the Sun Devil powerpoint presentation we gave to Stan back in December. I added one slide since called Project Rationale. The document probably has more detail than you need but more is better right? Let me know if you need help cutting it down. A Women's Primer on Men Don't know if you've seen this or not. You don't hear us gripping about you leaving it down, do you? That would be stupid, and there are far more important things to be worried about. You don't try to sit in the driver's seat without opening the dammed car door, do you? If you won't dress like the Victoria's Secret girls, don't expect us to act like soap opera guys. If you think you're fat, you probably are. Its a stupid question, and we refuse to answer. Long hair is always more attractive than short hair. One of the big reasons guys fear getting married is that married women always cut their hair, and by then you're stuck with her. Birthdays, Valentines, and Anniversaries are not quests to see if we can find the perfect present yet again! If you ask a question you don't want an answer to, expect an answer you don't want to hear. Asking opinionated questions that you already have an answer to, and then getting pissed off because we gave our honest answer in the opposite direction is a really stupid thing to do. Sometimes, we're not thinking about you. Don't ask us what we're thinking about unless you are prepared to discuss such topics as navel lint, the shotgun formation, or monster trucks. It's like the full moon or the changing of the tides. Shopping is not a sport, and no, we're never going to think of it that way. When we have to go somewhere, absolutely anything you wear is fine. If it did, you might as well give back the car, the house, and that last raise you got. Here's the math, write it down somewhere. What makes you think we'd be any good at choosing which pair, out of thirty, would look good with your dress? Come to us with a problem if you want help solving it. Occasionally, we can go out on a limb and attempt to empathize. However, be warned that approaching us with a problem without clearly indicating which you want solutions or empathy will likely result in you getting neither. Tricky system, but that's just the way it works. Sympathy is what your girlfriends are for. A headache that lasts for 17 months is a medical problem. Foreign films are best left to foreigners. Unless it's Bruce Lee or Jackie Chan where it doesn't really matter what they're saying. Telling us that we don't really pisses us off, and further decreases the likelihood of your hearing anything of the sort when you are fishing for compliments. It is neither in your best interest nor ours to take the quiz together. Anything we said 6 months ago is inadmissible in an argument. All comments become null and void after 7 days. If something we said can be interpreted two ways, and one of the ways makes you sad or angry, we meant the other one. Whenever possible, please say whatever you have to say during commercials.