Kissing the bride for more than 5 seconds may get you shot. A leisure suit with a cummerbund and a clean bowling shirt can create a tacky appearance. Dim your headlights for approaching vehicles, even if the gun is loaded and the deer is in sight. When approaching a four-way stop, the vehicle with the largest tires does not always have the right of way. Never tow another car using panty hose and duct tape. When sending your wife down the road with a gas can, it is impolite to ask her to bring back beer too. Dean, based on your schedule, how does Tues March 26 in the morning look for you to review the maintenance records for the Gomez lateral with Phil Allard from Pioneer? How long do you think it will take, including a drive following the lateral route? I would plan to fly out to Midland from Houston that Monday night, and be at the office for the meeting on Tuesday morning. thanks Kevin Hyatt Phil, right now it looks like Tues 3/26 is workable for the Gomez meeting. regards, kh I'll be out till Friday, but leave me a voicemail if you have questions. The first column is the max gas consumption by plant. Lorraine, S Harris, and Kim Watson all resigned yesterday to go work business development for Kinder Morgan. The lateral is approximately 35 miles long and is a 20-inch diameter pipeline. The Gomez lateral is currently not in service and is filled with sweet gas. Per Field Operations personnel, the last time the line was used was October 31, 2000. Pioneer Gas Pipeline is an intratstate gathering and transmission company. Hi everyone! For those of you I haven't met personnally, my name is Kevin Hyatt. I am currently chairing the Natural Gas Infrastructure subcommittee for the Electric Power Conference 2002 to be held in March. You are receiving this email because you have previously expressed an interest in serving on the committee. Attached below is the current subcommittee track agenda with the 4 sessions and each session's speaking topics. The track and topics were developed over the last 3 months with various inputs from committee members and the Trade Fair Group staff. Our current challenge is finding speakers for items 1, 6, and 15 highlighted in red. If you move your cursor over the topic, the comment box will appear outlining in a little better detail what info we are trying to present for the conference attendees. I am working on lining up several speakers but as of yet have only confirmed one from Calpine. What I need each of you to do is review the agenda, think about who you may know who would be a good speaker for the topic, then call them to see if they are interested. Speeches should last no more than 30 minutes with a Q A period afterward. Interested speakers will receive a formal invitation from the Trade Fair Group confirming their attendance. I plan on going on Sunday without the boys just to see how many guys actually show up. We saw some big ducks at Flatwoods Sunday morning. The boys got off some shots early but didn't hit anything. let me know, kh Can I get an instruction booklet for a model 1560 serial 1650338 ? I'm assuming the "L" means Laser detected. We will hopefully do a sight visit early next week. Thank you for your presentation yesterday. As always, you handled very well some tough questions in a very trying time for Enron. I was literally mortified when I heard the "crack" question-- but I think you handled that well too. As a 17-year Enron veteran, the question made me truly ashamed to be associated with the co-worker who asked the question. I'm sure you must know that the majority of Enron's employees don't feel the same way as this one individual. Thanks for your continued hard work and support. It may not be helpful to you as your's is disc related, not bone. My neighbor had this procedure done by Dr. Twyford out of Baytown San Jacinto Methodist hospital. Message from a Hawg Driver A-10 Warthog Someone pulled this off the Air Force Academy's very unofficial message board. Written by a '96 grad who apparently flies A-10s.