Please take note of this in preparing new confirms. As we discussed, I would like for you to review this format and determine whether changes are required as a result of legal developments in Argentina. Please call me when you have had an opportunity to review the document. We have had sent out several recent drafts using the attached format. Also, any written materials which might prove useful are always greatly appreciated. I will try to schedule some time when I am in the B. Per our earlier conversation, I would truly appreciate your input. Also, we will send a new blackline guaranty to Tiger terms previously agreed to reflect name change. It may take several days to have the guaranties executed by Corp. You need to give Marie advance notice on that front. 2 Payment section and revised definitions. You do not have "old" confirm templates because I cannot acces on my computer but all was included in the fax. Sorry to hear about you and Melissa but I know that life can always get better if you let it. " Of course, I'm rarely home to enjoy them but everything looks great on the weekends. I'm dying under a load of work here but I know better than to complain too much. I understand that you spoke with Mark Taylor about eliminating references to individuals in confirms. In that regard, you may recall that swap templates were given to you several months ago. The legal group is concluding a massive form review which necessitates confirm changes. Sara Marie will verify this information first thing in the a. The Duke master is dated August 16, 1999. It was sent for execution to Carol Graebner in Houston on August 18, 1999. Sara When you return from your trip, please follow up with respect to your entry to Canada through Calgary. We are revising your letter and Kevin Zemp will be available to assist you through immigration with the appropriate officers. Credit is considering credit terms for the deal. The deal has been approved by credit already. Davis Thames is involved in the transaction and can give you the name of the attorney who is representing Echo. Let me know what I need to do, as I will be waiting to find out what form of confirmation to use for the transaction. When you have Annex A ready, we'll have to tweak Annex B. For example, I think we eliminated the term "Derivative Transactions" in Annex A but it shows up in the Catalytica Annex B. Bart Clark is the lawyer who is asking to receive the two annexes. Although I am still waiting for another Brazilian visa, I would like to pose several potential dates to meet with you regarding Enron North America Corp. Obviously, I can be available at any time during the month of Septermber as well as future months. But I would like to get started as soon as possible. If you could kindly e-mail or call me, I can elaborate further. This would conform to notices in the master agreement for Sections 5 and 6 , an executed copy of which we have never received or seen. On a different matter, do you think that we can discuss the omnibus templates tomorrow? You will be advised of subsequent rotations. This procedure should not affect any existing arrangements you may have with a particular attorney. Please contact me if you have any questions. We can continue the rotation on a quarterly basis. Due to the lateness of discussions at Enron Capital Trade Resources Corp. I did not send any documents to you this evening.