Dale is an invaluable resource for these deals. I will update our review of Brazilian counterparties to determine whether we have any legal issues. I will be in Sao Paulo tomorrow afternoon. We are working with the Pulp and Paper group in Houston on a deal with a Brazilian Pulp company to offer a swap to them -paying them fixed prices for Pulp and receiving index. I am in the process of preparing a draft letter and term sheet. Do you have a standard draft term sheet that I could use for this transaction? Please let me know if you would like to set up a conference call from Houston or wait for me to return to Sao Paulo. Let me know if you will be available some time tomorrow. I am in the middle of making up the "wedding list" and I don't have your address in Houston. Also, I am going to have the invitation addressed to you and guest. Or do you want me to include Mike's name as well? Gary is busy again, and I'm just doing what I usually do Anyway, please email the info so I can get it over to Robyn's parents. The documents distributed in March, 1999 were revised recently although no redline is available. There are no other forms currently in use. I'll speak with Elizabeth Sager about pending revisions. Also, I will send to you both my thoughts regarding an action plan for the coming months. Sara I've received a number of e-mails regarding the Duke confirmation. Would you please advise as to status and send me a copy of the final confirm? Cone Counterparty master swap agreements. Other than yourself, who else should receive these updates? Would you encourage more frequent distribution? Sara I should be available almost any time. Clair has asked me to schedule a one hour meeting regarding the above-referenced topic. She would like it to take place the week of August 30th. Please advise at your earliest convenience. And Elaine is happy with my new letter so far. This report will be updated and distributed weekly. It only reflects documentation originated by Houston's legal department and the status of negotiations. Sara Under separate cover, I am faxing to you a copy of a "Table of Contents" for a collection of memoranda on various Brazilian issues physical trading, derivatives, tax, etc. which I have copies of. I have also received from you this morning the response of Antonio Felix et al to the inquiry of Gustavo Junqueira. It will become increasingly difficult to monitor our progress with the Tozzini firm if the business people have direct contact with Tozzini and bypass the Enron lawyers. We will not be able to compile a comprehensive review and the requests will become disorganized. Requests for legal research by Tozzini should originate with the Enron lawyers and be addressed to the Enron lawyers. We can then discuss conclusions with our business people and even meet together with Tozzini. I hope that you concur with this procedure. If you do, I think that it would be more appropriate for you to contact the Tozzini firm to convey the message and also to our business people. Please call me when you are back in the Sao Paulo office if you have any questions. In preparation for our group meeting with the legal assistants next week, I was going to ask them to prepare a list of their current responsibilities as well as things that they would like to work on. Let me know if you have any additions or deletions. I will wait to hear from you before sending this out and will wait for Mark's memo to them about these meetiongs before I send it out. I did leave Susan Flynn a voice mail message about this since she will be out next week. Otherwise, let's plan to speak with Richard Sanders litigation first thing on Friday morning.