I am not absolutely certain of this, but Carol has a 2 pm call with the lawyers and I will listen. I don't know if Tiger responded to our guaranty. Last time, Kelly Minear had to visit the counterparty's office to review financials since the company was private. We will need an updated credit worksheet to prepare a new draft. Will one of you update the prior credit to begin the process? He said he thought we had already done one and sent it to them but he has lost it. Can you check to see if you can find it and e-mail it to me? I remember you said that you were moving into a plush high-rise overlooking the great southern city of Atlanta, home of the Peach Bowl! I had a fabulous birthday in Napa Valley at Auberge d'Soleil with my little sister and friends. We drank wonderful wines and dined in great restaurants - and had great weather. Have you started any new business ventures? Maybe taken Wendy's to Amelia Island Plantation? Or better yet, purchased the water rights to Palm Springs? I'm just hangin' in Houston, same old job, etc. I joined my two friends Monty and Keith for our annual birthday celebration at Galatoire's about two weeks ago. I think I get to plan a reunion of Gordon, Arata et al ex-pats. There are about thirty of us scattered around the country. Attached are blacklines of the two forwards. I'll try to have Jeff and'or Clint available for a conversation. In connection with our disussion regarding Market Quotation and "Reference Market - makers" in the Schedule specifically Enron's request to delete clause b to the Section 12 definition , I am advised that it would be difficult to locate four leading dealers with offices in the same city. With respect to the outstanding trades, for example, we would like to know which city has four leading dealers for quoting Mid-Columbia prices? Credit will be sending a new credit worksheet shortly. Right to Termination provision in Confirmation As per your discussions with Lesley Charkow, attached is our proposed provision with the changes as discussed with Lesley. We would appreciate your prompt response as a few Confirmations are pending our agreement to this provision. doc I know they approved the opinion but it is redundant. I'll show you what I think should be changed. It might be helpful if you dated the doc with the effective date of the authorizations. Authorized Trader List Christine hasn't reached David Kelly but is trying to meet with him today. I need to send comments but I was hoping to speak with V E first. "In the event the Trigger Price is increased to equal the Other Trigger Price, the Determined Amount shall be reduced so that the Effective Share Price is increased in direct proportion to the increase in the Trigger Price. The "Effective Share Price" shall be the result obtained by dividing X by Y where "X" equals the product of the Price Per Share multiplied by the Number of Shares, and "Y" equals the Number of Shares plus the Determined Amount. Party B may, at its sole option, satisfy delivery of the Excess Shares by using its best efforts to increase its Authorized Shares or by delivery of a cash payment equal to the product obtained by multiplying the Excess Shares by the Final Price. Sara Clint Freeland who is trying to remain optomistic would like to have signature pages for the forwards executed prior to final negotiation.