If you have received it by mistake please let us know by e-mail immediately and delete it from your system should also not copy the message nor disclose its contents to anyone. Puede contener informacion amparada por el secreto profesional. Si usted ha recibido este e-mail por error, por favor comuniquenoslo inmediatamente via e-mail y tenga la amabilidad de eliminarlo de su sistema no debera copiar el mensaje ni divulgar su contenido a ninguna persona. It may also contain information that is privileged or otherwise legally exempt from disclosure. If you have received it by mistake please let us know by e-mail immediately and delete it from your system should also not copy the message nor disclose its contents to anyone. Due to the Daylight Savings Time in the U. I have rescheduled my visit to Brazil and Argentina for next week. I have meetings all day Monday and Tuesday morning. 23 and 24, and my only scheduled meeting is Thursday afternoon. Please let me know if and when you would like to meet. I hope I have an opportunity to see you and catch up on your activity. I'll be visiting the Sao Paulo office next week to discuss physical and financial trading issues with Tozzini lawyers. This time, I'll arrive on the weekend and hopefully beat any new hurricanes! Andrea and I have confirmed our meeting throughout the day Monday to discuss documentation for physical power transactions. I'll be reviewing financial trading issues during the remaining period. Thus far, reviews are preliminary in nature. I'll be flying to Buenos Aires Wednesday evening. I hope you'll be in the office so that we can meet. I'm swamped at the moment and I'll be in South America next week. I will speak with Antonio Felix on Thursday. Please let me know if you have comments. I have scheduled a conference call with Antonio Felix on Thursday Sept 16 at 3pm Sao Paulo time. I hope to narrow the focus of the legal review, identify other issues and will ask that legal fees be broken out by product. On Tuesday, Sept 21, I will meet with Antonio Felix at Enron's offices in Sao Paulo at 9 am. Everyone is welcome to join me for both the conference call and meeting in Sao Paulo. Please let me know if you would like to participate. This call has been changed to 3 pm Houston time which is 5 pm Sao Paulo time. Please let me know if you would like for me to conference you in. I will initiate the call and I will also conference in Andrea Bertone. Attached is a short list illustrating the types of financial products about which our commercial people are inquiring. My goal is to discuss parameters for further legal/tax research required to assist Enron in deciding how to trade these products. Have you decided who will be assisting tax-wise for these two countries? I have a conference call this afternoon at 3 pm Houston time with Antonio Felix de Araujo Cintra from the Tozzini firm regarding further research on derivative products for trading in Brazil. Attached is a summary of products and the various Enron groups seeking answers. If you would like to participate in person or by conference, please let me know. I will be in Sao Paulo from Sept 20-22 and Buenos Aires from Sept 23-24. In Brazil, I will be meeting again with Tozzini lawyers. Let me know if you would like to participate in any way. 17, at 9 am Houston time which is 11 am Sao Paulo time? If you have received it by mistake please let us know by reply and then delete it from your system you should not copy this message or disclose its contents to anyone. Credit sets the threshold level and we input that number into the document. Sara, could you easily explain what the Threshold Amount means in Annex B? I tried to look it up on the web but couldn't find anything.