Sorry that I have been so out of touch lately. Trying to get deals closed sell a house buy a house so on and so on. I am going to be in the Houston office on Wed and Thur Nov 8 9. When are they planning to announce all of this ? I want to initiate ideas and discussions with other team members but do not want to jump the gun. Frank I have not had any contact from anyone in Europe regarding you previous email. Scott, I understand that John Lavorato and others are going to Sao Paulo next week to review the Trading business. Are you planing to join them in that trip? Did someone from Europe contact you to ask about me? I am glad to hear from you. Yes, Sao Paulo is muy grande con muchos macacos. I have not be playing much golf, too cold and rainy here so far this winter, but spring is near. Sao Paulo Hey, just wanted to say hi to you. Not many places to play golf here, but I will have to look better. Things are difficult in the region - I believe you are aware of it - but as usual, we are trying hard. Rolo I don't have any plans to travel down there at this point. But if this changes I will let you know and would love to play some golf. I am already missing the Houston beers che. Rolo launched gas on monday and I will be coming on probably the following week. Candidate Itinerary Yes, All the Super Saturdays should follow the Itinerary I sent you earlier. I was very impressed with the students that I interviewed. You guys are certainly doing a great job educating. I had the pleasure of visiting with Milagros and was very impressed with her and I agree with your comments. Some of the students were interested in additional reading that I thought might be helpful to them. 2 books that I think are very good are 1 Option Volatility and Pricing by Sheldon Natenberg. This is textbook type reading that is the best book on options that I know. 2 Reminisences of A Stock Operator by Edwin Lefevre. This is the best book on trading that I have read I am actually currently reading it for the fifith of sixth time. It is an easy read and is the real lfe story of a trader in the early 1900's. A must read for anyone who has interest in markets and trading. I wanted to thank you for lunch today and tell you how much I enjoyed meeting you. Input from professionals such as yourself helps us to make our classes more relevant and offer better advice to our students. We appreciate that you are willing to take the time to make this valuable contribution. One of my former students, Milagros Daetz, dropped by to see met later in the day to tell me about her Enron interviews. Milagros was very excited about Enron and impressed with all of the people she had met. I want to offer an unsolicited recommendation on her behalf. Milagros is one of the most impressive students I have ever taught. 9 is sufficient to certify her academic record, I wanted to comment on her intangible qualities. Milagros is mentally tough, hard working, determined, and ambitious. Just as important, she is a genuinely nice person. She deals with people very well and possesses what I would describe as quiet leadership characteristics. In other words, she leads by example and by reason. I also find her to be mature beyond her age and willing to assume responsibility for her own choices. In short, I think Milagros would be an asset to any organization. Please fell free to contact me if I can help you in any way. Regards, Chip Ryan Assistant Professor of Finance E. 2000 top target customers I would like each of you to list your top 5-10 target customers for 2000 by 12pm tomorrow. Please let me know if you have any questions. I would like each of you to list your top 5-10 target customers for 2000 by 12pm tomorrow. Please let me know if you have any questions. I think we need to think about a couple of these folks. Also, Dave needs our 2000 goals and objectives, top target customers, as well ideas for coverage metrics. I have a meeting from 3pm to 4pm but am available any other time. What are your suggestions on the individuals that we have been assigned ? I need to rely on you for any input that might suggest that we not take someone on. I understand that Dave wants any personel changes as soon as possible.