Does that mean yes to tax increases as long as he is alive ? I'm gratified to see that the corportae customers we talked about are finding value in the product and service. This deal is an ideal opportunity to merge back and mid office support platforms. We have discussed this many times and EnronNetworks was practically set up for this CommodityLogic et al. I don't mean to be presumptuous but I hadn't talked to you in a while and wanted to get it off my chest. Good luck, Andy Mooney's are great planes and are very fast. They are really well built with no incidents of inflight airframe failure ever. Drawbacks are they are quite small and there is a cloud over he comapny as it is in bankruptcy. The bankruptcy isue is around whether the supply of parts will be available going foward. They are probably being discounted which makes it a good buy. Idon't think the parts issue is a real one as someone will step in to take over the manufacturing. Now let's focus on closing the deal and getting someone else signed up. andy Jay, Have received comments that when multi day limit orders are placed, they are not alive after a friday night. I think this might have to do with orders getting wiped out duirng maintenance but I wanted to alert you to this. I had mine done in Houston, but I can probably recommend someone. Hope that you guys come out of it allright. Haven't spoken to you in a awhile and hope that all is well with you and your family. Call me when you get a chance to catch up. I will be out Monday thru Wednesday. I will be reachable 313 881 1166 through Wednesday. I think the note I sent to Steve plus the fact that he came to see me and I told him he was out of line are enough. It seems kind of draconian to shut off the flow of information. As far as wireless in general it has never been a high priority for me because we never had a commercial basis for proceeding other than "gee, wouldn't this be cool" I think it is time to reassess the wireless angle, in terms of what it would cost to build, who would build it for us, and what we would get from the project. I'm going to ask Dave Forster to do that. I don't know whether he would add any value or not, but would definitely add buzzwords. We are evaluating the potential value that Techspan could bring to Enron. We will contact you when are ready to enter into a dialogue. Once again thank you for your interest in Enron. Reuters will give us 75 of all subscription revenue, which is how the product is sold. The focus of this meeting will doing a walkthrough of an EnronOnline demo for both EnronOnline hosted products and X-online hosted environments. I declined to review Drew because I feel I haven't really spent a lot of time with him. The times I have worked with him, he has done a great job and been easy to work with. Accenture is not to speak to anyone other than ourselves regarding what they are doing with EnronOnline. EnronOnline's architecture provides for a Master user, such as a Clearing Corp, to set up as many sub-users local traders as it wants. Each sub-user has trading rights as designated and controlled by the master. handling it credit arrangements with the locals, and negotiating its relationship with Enron. I know this is pretty simple stuff, but every long journey starts with a small step. Please let me your interest in pursuing this sort of arrangement or a variant thereof. The traders are free to use any platform they like. I do not approve or disapprove they are in the best position to make that decision.