And I guess we simply weren't prepared for this level of fan hysteria. " Before military police restored order, thousands of frantically speculating youths drove the Nikkei average past 16,000. andy Errol I bot 4,000/d of Apr/Oct 02 2. Please put this in the same book as the digital, it is meant to hedge it. I don't really know other than he was out for some family time. It's going okay, trying to not give back too much in this chop around rally. Please work with the group so that I am no longer inundated with erequests for additional mailbox space. Does Carol have a sister named Mimi, who is married to a guy named Steve Houston ? There is a guy I work with here who is this guy's Houston best friend, and the woman he is married to sounded like Carol's sister. I know it sounds complicated Hope you are faring okay with the recent events. It is a normal swap at the reset swap price unless a particular reference month settles at or above the reset trigger. Dave, Mike mentioned that he was going to speaking to you in regards to the estate. Just wanted to let you know that I have a very high opinion of him. He is extremely sharp and is one of the more capable traders I've dealt with in non-trading commercial situations. When he worked for me at EnronOnline I always viewed him one of my best folks. Do what you will with this unsolicited opinion, but I thought it best if I let you know. Regards, Andy I think it relates to Paul not getting the top job in their soon to be spun off unregulated unit. That job went to some guy named Shockley who Eric Vanderwald will report to. Their press release makes for fun reading. Greg was interested in where to make contributions in the wake of Johnathan's death. Andy Johnathan Uman Celebration of Jonathan J. '' The comment brought calls for her resignation, but also an explanation from Goehler. In the context of my statement that the 'attacks were aimed symbolically at the heart of America,' I also made the comment that the towers are phallic symbols,''' she said. It was an answer to the question 'What sort of symbolic images did it remind me of? Jeff, Could you please give me a call regarding last weeks events. "His behind-the-head guitar solo was so wicked," said Jimmy Hetzel, 11, one of six children blown away by Vai's fretboard wizardry. "He also did this thing where he held the guitar between his legs and played it with a bow. Sorry I didn't get the messages but lets's have dinner next tuesday if that works for you. Monica, Things are a little bit unsettled right now. I am working on them and will have something shortly. I told your mom a couple of weeks ago that there is high probablility they file chpt 11 by end of first quarter. Hope boarding went well for you and you didn't break anything. Andy Spoke with Rick Stuckey who advised me that a group of seven of them will be arriving today. They would like to heave specific discussions regarding the Pro forma as well as EnronOnline technology starting monday morning. Rick also adivsed me that they are amending the original term sheet that they disucssed with Greg Saturday night.