I can't wait to see you go down with the ship like all the other vermin. GeoCities - quick and easy web site hosting, just 8. Please let me know if there is a repeat performance. This has been a very scary and tough time, but I'm hoping something good can come from it. We are trying very hard to sell the trading operation intact to several institutions. Best wishes in this holiday season to and your family, your friend Andy Dave, I am being told that the books and records of Enron's trading units are on aggregate marked off of a cost of funds curve. I should have that curve to you first thing Monday morning. Sorry about the delay but it is hard to get certain things done in a timely fashion around here right now. Andy I don't know if Bob hillier talked to you yet, but I need Stack and Option manager set up on a stand alone machine. I am moving to the power options group as of tomorrow. For John Arnold's book it would on a prospective basis be more in line with 4 months. I think the same would probably be true for power, but I haven't spoken to those guys about it. With 252 trading days you and up with a gross unadjusted notional of 136bn. 7 You then have to adjust down for the expiration of trades during the year. If the average life was 6 months you could halve the number above, which would be conservative given our 4 month assumption. The next adjustment would be to factor in netting for counterparties. You are trying to estimate the net open interest per countperparty. I am working on those numbers as I write this. When you factor in other gas trades and power the number would rise and I will look at that. As a basic method, does this start to get you to where you need to be ? Andy Either Monday or Tuesday works for me. He is with Commerce Capital Markets, the broker sub of Commerce Bank, a big New Jersey Regional. I will call him if you would like and tell him you are coming his way. Let me know, Andy My guys tell me we are just about finished on our end and will be getting ready to beta test. Bloomberg has come back to the table with us and are being good boys so far. I honestly don't know what the hell is going on. Thanks, Andy Bruce Peterson at Korn Ferry International. He runs the energy practice out of Houston. They are located in houston, but I don't have his phone number. He is a good guy and very well connected. Guy is driving down a rural road in Arkansas. The toothbrush must have been invented in Arkansas. Hickerson does not have any products up yet. I need to find out from Bridges where we are with Cargill. He has been in meetings all morning, I will revert when I know. To be honest I think we are nowhere with Dow, but I have left that to Berberian. I haven't heard a peep from anyone on this. They clearly are interested, but are not very clear on what they are trying to accomplish. I have not been moving forward on service level contract because I do not think it really adds any value at the present time. This should not be viewed as a commission. He is tough to pin down and negotiate with but we will run this down by end of next week. We have not been able to do much work on it given 7. Asking myself some serious questions about my career. Yeah things look pretty lousy here at the big E. The untold story is how much money the gas and power trading folks have made that some weenies in three piece in suits in Corp pissed away. Looks like we are going to be bought by Dynegy. I am agitating for a Christmas visit to Mich by us, so hope to see you then. I think we should look at what everyone else charges per commodity i. 150K initial startup plus 100K per year and 25 per transaction. So total value not including per transaction is 350K. I think they get 5 products, but Forster knows the details. It's a start and the crew here is pretty pumped. I'm trying to get a lieutenant of Viol'a to work with but it is hard. Let's meet on Monday to talk about what we were going to do on Friday.