Go ahead and get set up and coordinate document acceptance with Justin. Guys, Let's get together today to dicuss demo. I would like to demo full capability, including option manager. I think it is very important to also set up an interest rate product, perhaps a swap that is quoted in rate only. No need to convert to dollar ox just yet. Andy OpenLink is one of the leaders in risk management systems. We used at Coral, and it was then called Abacus. It is strongest in front office risk management. I would view their competition as KioDex. The deal with Duke has been around for awhile. Frank, Thank you for bringing your team down to Houston to demonstrate the new version of the system. We appreciate the effort that HoustonStreet has made to upgrade its system, however in our view insufficient progress has been made to change our decision to terminate the Posting Agreement. Once again, thank you the effort your team put in and let's stay touch. It is Hong Kong Airport and the guy kicked out the crab at the last possible second. He was seconds from riping the gear off. If you want to do something without us, go right ahead but if we are to be involved then we need to approve and be involved in the deal from the get go. He would be perfect for the role, but I understand what you are trying to accomplish. Sorry for the delay in getting back to you, but you know how things are. I will keep trying but don't hold out much chance. We will receive 75 of all revenue Reuters collects from subscriptions to EnronOnline quotes. It is an evergreen 1 yr contract with mutual termination rights upon 90 days prior notice. We are under no obligations to provide levels of service. They have 5,000 Energy desktops worldwide. 75 6,750,000 With a more realistic assumption of 50 penetration the yield to Enron would be 3,375,000 p. This revenue does not include the incremental benefits, in our view, of branding and standardization of our product and liquidity in the marketplace. If you have any more questions give me a call or drop me a line. They will be sending us a contract to sign before they connect it to their production site. He assured me it will be the same contract that all the founders have to sign to get access to it. He stated that charging commssion is not a denfensible business model. They will try to make their money through mid and back office services. When I expressed some skepticism about 3. If anyone has any questions about this let me know. Drop me a line, I want to discuss something with you. The propoer contact at Enron for you is Jay Webb. Why wouldn't we use the deal bench auction platform ? This provides for open auctions with participants changing their bids in real time, no ? Stewart, It is my strong belief that Kiodex will be most successful in marketing to Fortune 500 corporations. These companies have extremely large portfolios of derivative products to hedge various financial risks but do not view running a risk management system internally as core. I am interested in your thoughts, and how, if you agree, we can influence the company in this direction. Andy Zipper Enron Networks Batten down the hatch's and get ready for young Scott's first experience with Tropical Storms ! On a good note, we hit a record today with BrokerClient, 53 trades. They would buy a block of desktops to cover it. Bad news is that, John Arnold, my new boss in approx 25 days, with some justification thinks this is a bad idea.