In addition he will be pursuing the channel partner opportunities with them regarding Product and Environment hosting services. On the sales channnel effort he will work closely with Dave Forster. I would like to see what VaR is thrown off by a series of trades. Can you run the following strategies throught he Var model and let me know what the results are. long 80,000 mmbtu per month of Apr/Oct02 9. short 500,000 mmbtu of Feb Gas Daily swap and long 500,000 mmbtu Mar Nymex swap 10. I am still in the process of setting up what we are going to look at and how, but it will very definitely be options focused. I think the three major drivers we will care about will be Gas, Power, and weather. I am particularly interested in the relationship of how gas and power prices react with weather. One trade I am interested in is gas daily options that knock-in based on an observed temperature for the particular delivery point. What are your views and what would you focus on if you were me ? I would like a heads up whenever you are planning a trip like this, it is the same I ask of all my direct reports. On the second, I would like the senior person on each team and they know who they are to figure how to divvy up the tasks based upon their teams relative skills. You guys need to figure it out, with my help. Right now we are a little heavily staffed for what we are doing and I am trying to find ways to cope with that. I would just ask that we try to spend those expense dollars as efficiently and conscientiously as possible. I nothing else happens, on Monday does the product go up on the wallboard ? I need to have my facts straight when this becomes a pissing match between Whalley ,Arnold and Lavorato. The most valuable pieces of business functionality DealBench has are the data rooms and auctions. The second, auctions, while of value will probably be given away by competitors to get other business. The technology as a whole is not severable right now, and probably not ready for prime time. We have some knowledge of this from our Offline experiences. EnronOnline's auction functionality is very thin. DealBench's has a lot of good business logic built into it. While the code might not be up to our standards, it would be of value to integrate it into the EnronOnline platform. This way we take advantage of the superior EnronOnline brand and not reinvent the wheel as far as business logic is concerned. There will be some development needed to integrate and rewrite the DealBench auctions piece to accommodate the single EnronOnline login, as well as change the look and feel to an EnronOnline one, but this should be well worth it. If not, we will need to make large costly changes to the infrastructure to keep it going. I talked with Greg and he and bibi are for it. Start the process with Guadaramma but keep it close to the vest as it is not official with the DealBench folks. I keep getting asked for a username,password and domain name. What do I put in these fields to get access ? We would definitely like to get this finished by end of June. Ideally I would like both sides to get together early next to hash out any differences. The first bullet point will be easier to implement. Generally I have found that there is sufficient divergence of opinions amongst wholesale players that you can get positions on that you want. My goal would be to fulfill the function of both bullet points. I think there are pockets of risk management of complex relationships around the firm, but no group dedicated to it. Clearly we will need quantitative rigor to serve those functions. What is the specific structure of the options you are looking at. You're right he does look good. Can you set up a phone interview, and if that goes well bring him down for rounds. I'm around most of tomrrow so any old time is fine with me. Thanks for the note. If you hear of anyone interested in someone where my skills would be a fit, let me know.