Once the Resource Group is finalized and the policy is ready to go out, I will prepare for your review a very brief memo 2 or 3 sentences to each person on the group notifying them that they have been designated to the group per the new policy, which is revised to reflect the new Enron Wholesale Services structure. Travis and I have been meeting fairly regularly. I would enjoy attending your staff meetings but have a conflict with Andy's. We intend to meet later today around 5pm. I am planning on taking Wednesday, November 22, as a vacation day unless you have great concerns about that. I am out of the office today but am working with some folks to put together a draft global assets org chart. While South America and India did not provide an org chart, they did provide a list of attorneys with some reporting information. We will forward that back to them today in the form of an org chart and allow them to comment. Let's get together next Monday and talk through. I'm attaching a first stab at an org chart for the Enron Global Assets legal group. Mark Haedicke's preliminary thought is that all international region attorneys will initially be put in Global Assets. Over time, we can review this allocation. However, unless Vicky Sharp or Kristina Mordaunt has these lawyers on their respective headcounts, we need to get them included in Enron Wholesale. I'm sure that the chart is not yet accurate. I'm out of the office today and we did not have time to track down each lawyer's current title. I would appreciate your help in this regard. I would be happy to meet with her, but is unlikely we would be able to sponsor a junior lawyer. Let me know if you want me to talk to her. I would like to go over the work your firm is doing for us. I will ask my assistant to give you a call and set up a meeting. Enron and K S Mark-as a result of the latest reorganization of Enron, there are a number of projects that King Spalding's Houston office is working on that now fall within your area of responsibility. I'd like to have the opportunity to meet with you to explain what we are doing, and to bring you up to date on the growth of our Houston office. Would a meeting in the next week or so fit your schedule? My assistant Carmen Schnur keeps my calendar, so if your assistant want to contact her to coordinate, that would work well. I take this opportunity to wish you a Happy Thanksgiving. This message is being sent by or on behalf of a lawyer. It is intended exclusively for the individual or entity to which it is addressed. This communication may contain information that is proprietary, privileged or confidential or otherwise legally exempt from disclosure. If you are not the named addressee, you are not authorized to read, print, retain, copy or disseminate this message or any part of it. If you have received this message in error, please notify the sender immediately by e-mail and delete all copies of the message. I am very interested in Steve and think we could use him in addition to Shari. The only problem is that I agreed that I would not try to recruit him so the firm would agree to let us second him. We just need to proceed slowly with him and hopefully it will work out to our benefit. Steve Hall By the way, I spoke to Chris Foster and Greg Wolfe about the relative merits of Steve Hall and Shari Stack. Their thinking was that Steve is probably a better "deep thinker" to use Elizabeth's words but that he might be bored with the routine transaction work that Shari seems to really enjoy. Therefore, I think Shari is a better fit for our current needs. Having said that, I am extremely impressed with Steve. He has a better handle on this California work than anyone I've worked with yet. I talked to him last week about working for Enron and he seemed interested. I didn't get into any details about our needs, but gauged his general level of interest in the work that he is doing for us and his willingness to consider jobs other than his current one. He basically said that he would be happy to hear about opportunities here. I was talking to Richard Sanders yesterday and he also is impressed with Steve and said that he had considered trying to hire him. I don't know if there is a position for Steve or not. I just wanted to give you feedback on my discussions with him. Let me know if you need any help or information from me on this matter. Regards, Tim Yes, go ahead and remove it. Steve Hall I am very interested in Steve and think we could use him in addition to Shari. The only problem is that I agreed that I would not try to recruit him so the firm would agree to let us second him. We just need to proceed slowly with him and hopefully it will work out to our benefit.