I understand that the length is still probably more than you want -- we will keep working on winnowing it down. I've been on the road for some time and am currently in Singapore. I'm likely to head back to Bombay for at least the first few days of next week. I don't have a problem with it, subject to our normal litigation exception. I am attaching a copy of a brief memo I received from one of my partners in our Houston office about a potential representation of a company called Centrans, which apparently is a partner with Enron in a Guatemala power project. Centrans apparently plans to sell a piece of its interest to a Fund, in which Enron also owns and interest although I do not know how much. We would represent Centrans in selling its interest to the Fund. I am not sure, but I do not get the sense from my conversation with my partner that Enron plans to take an active role in the Fund purchase. So, from a conflicts analytical standpoint, this would seem to be analogous to LeBoeuf representing a buyer in connection with the sale of an asset to a corporation in which Enron is a shareholder. Do you have any concerns with LeBoeuf representing Centrans on this sale? Are there any unique facts or circumstances here that you may be aware of that could create a potential problem from your standpoint? I assume this transaction would fall within your "world" but, if not, is there somebody else that I should check with on this? We understand that Thelen Reid Priest is representing the Fund. Thanks, as usual, Mark, for your consideration. Perhaps you could just reply to this e-mail or ask Janette to give me a call if it is ok. This e-mail, including attachments, constitutes non-public information intended to be conveyed only to the designated recipient s. If you are not an intended recipient, please delete this e-mail, including attachments and notify me by return mail, e-mail or by phone at 212 424-8125. The unauthorized use, dissemination, distribution or reproduction of the e-mail, including attachments, is prohibited and may be unlawful. I did not want to miss out on your participation. Going foward, please join the Legal Committee starting this coming Monday and every other week. Mark It may be too late now, but I would like to meet with them. Jim is not available, but they were wondering if they could meet with you. Given Jim's position on these types of firms, Jim's unavailability, and your schedule do you have any interest in meeting with them? Let's get together and go over the agenda before the meeting. There will be a telephone call-in number for board members who can not attend in person which will circulate later this week. We are tracking the developments in Washington very carefully. Have Dan give me a call, if he would like. Hope you and your family are doing well. Mark It is my understanding that it is ok with Jim and Elizabeth if Janette attends and works at the conference. If that is correct, I am ok with her attending. Trip to Japan For the trip to Kyoto, I would recommend seats in the Green Car non-smoking on the Bullet Train. In Tokyo, I think that you and your son would enjoy Odaiba - Joypolis. htm I also think that Asakusa would be a fun area to visit. Asa kusa I will talk with my wife this evening to see if she has any additional ideas. I am going to pass on the playoff tickets. "Haedicke, Mark Enron North America Corp. Rockets Playoff Tickets - Response needed this week. Rockets have been looking good despite the recent slump and have a chance to make the playoffs. I heard on the radio this morning that Hakeem may be back. So the Rockets have sent out invoices for playoff tickets. We are supposed to respond by this Friday, March 30. This year perhaps because they know there's a decent chance they won't make the playoffs the Rockets are invoicing playoff tickets in two installments. I can't tell whether if you commit for the first two rounds you have a legal obligation to buy the second and third if they make it to the Western Conference Finals, but I assume that doesn't matter we should assume that a commitment now means a financial commitment for the entire playoffs. 50 per ticket, and four games in Round 2 at 93. Rounds 3 and 4 which we wouldn't have to pay for until later are 916 per seat, or 3,664. I assume that Rounds 3 and 4 will include 8 games. That's approximately 1 ticket in Rounds 1 and 2 and 1 ticket in Rounds 3 and 4. I'd be glad to spring for that, although if you all want all the playoff tickets that's fine also.