we cannot provide that counterparty identification, both due to contractual obligations and business policies/practices, our information was excluded from the Sumas Index for the last index period. However, I am advised by Jon McKay that, notwithstanding these apparent contractual restrictions and business policies/practices, Houston provides counterparty identifications to Inside F. The problem is that if we do not provide these counterparty identifications, our information will be excluded from the Sumas Index, which is particularly problematic with Sumas already being a relatively illiquid point. I guess we have two alternatives, one is to continue to not disclose counterparty identifications and hope that Inside F. will change its view on this although, as I mentioned, their position is that Houston provides them with that information , or provide counterparty identifications at the risk of getting offside our counterparties. My preference would be to do the former, but I think this is a matter you may want to review with Lavo and let me know how Houston intends to proceed. Regards, Peter Glad to have you as an employee of Enron! Davis reaffirms that he can't be trusted. The State of California simply cannot be trusted to honor its agreements. On another note, thank you for meeting with me on Wednesday. Meeting with you, Jim Derrick, and others in the legal department reinforced my decision to join your company. I am excited about our prospects for the future and will work hard to continue to add value and keep your confidence. Gray Davis' energy-crisis secrecy, administration officials said Thursday they will soon begin revealing full details of the state's costly, last-minute power purchases aimed at thwarting blackouts. In doing so, the administration will begin honoring Davis' promise to reveal the details after a period of six months or less. The governor said disclosing the information any earlier would compromise efforts to hold down power costs. But there has been a growing chorus of protest of the secrecy from open-government advocates, consumer activists, Republican lawmakers and others. A San Diego Superior Court judge is scheduled to issue initial rulings on the lawsuits today in San Diego. On Thursday, the Foundation for Taxpayer and Consumer Rights called on Californians to phone the governor's office in protest. Administration officials dismissed critics' assertions and said that full disclosure will eventually come when the data is no longer a sensitive marketing matter. Officials acknowledged for the first time, however, that some of the state's less costly, long-term power contracts with generators contain secrecy clauses that may prevent public disclosure. The administration said state negotiators were so intent on securing less expensive, long-term power supplies that authorities worried little about the clauses requiring them to keep terms of the contracts secret unless they have the suppliers' permission to divulge them Though violating the agreement could void the contracts, industry representatives said they doubted generators would break existing pacts. Suppliers might, however, sign no more contracts with the state, the representatives said. While administration officials insisted they are attempting to find a way around the secrecy clauses in long-term contracts, they said disclosure of the initial short-term purchases will soon begin. Maviglio said the administration will start posting the details of short-term, spot-market buys made in mid-January within the next two weeks on the Internet, easing a controversy that has enveloped two of Davis' fellow Democratic statewide elected officials. State Controller Kathleen Connell scrapped plans to reveal the costly state power bills in February during a dramatic, 11th-hour reversal under pressure from the Davis administration. The controller, who has emerged as a sharp critic of the administration's handling of the energy crisis, indefinitely postponed plans to put information from electricity-purchase invoices on the Internet and canceled a news conference to announce the disclosures.