person in Frankfurt to give me an overview of the trading markets in Germany? Let me know if there is anything else I need to do right now. I would think we would want to set up a conference call as soon as we have identified all the panel members. There are lots of countries that at first did not allow derivatives and later changed the laws to allow them. Since these service providers tend to work for a lot of different companies, it seems like this is a significant issue. How do we address this risk in the contracts? Do we need to add a non-competition clause? Do we have an erergy meeting scheduled in September. We could do it in either London or Frankfurt doing the week of the board meeting. I also want to thank you for your support of the legal department. We feel like we are part of the team and I appreciate your efforts in that regard. Take care, Mark I have listed a few pertinent facts about Jeff for your upcoming meeting. Let me know if you need more information. His title is currently Assistant General Counsel. Jeff leads a group in the legal department that focuses on physical trading. Jeff spends most of his time on structured deals like Brooklyn Union and physical gas trading. He also has lead the legal team on acquisition deals such as Columbia Energy Services. He has a strong work ethic and an excellent record in closing important transactions. He has good legal judgment and is described by his clients as a knowledgeable and practical trading lawyer. I will plan on being there and will be happy to comment on item 4. I think we also could talk about regulatory barriers to energy trading in Europe. Please keep me posted on seminar plans in Europe re energy. It seems to me that our standard language should prohibit service providers from working on any similar project for a competitor or disclosing in any way that work was done for Enron. Also, we may want to specify liquidated damages for violation of this covenant. The key point is that you have to vote the best interest of the corporation on whose board you sit and not your personal interest or the interest of Enron. Give me a call and we can talk through the business of Convergent and what the risks are. Things are going well for me and my family. We bought a place at Silver Shells in Destin recently. I am hopeful we will get there some during the summers. It is a significant change if Treasury is not longer against us -- but it is a little hard for me to believe that it is real. Should I try to make a trip to Washington in September? Mark Haedicke Please briefly fill-in the attached draft monthly report for Net Works by August 15. Please e-mail your additions to Janette for her to compile. Spring break for most schools in Houston for 2001 is March 12 through March 17. Otherwise, I am open in Feb and Mar at this time. I think London is a better venue for an energy conference than Amsterdam. Also, I think we will eventually want to do an energy trading presentation on Japan -- maybe at the update on October 26. Ragards, Mark I would like to change our policy regarding taping telephone trades. Retention Period -- change the retention period from 4 months to 2 months 2. Record Only Deal Terms -- change from taping everything to taping only the deal terms at the end of a call The first change could be made immediately and the second change would require both reprogramming Phillippe is looking at this and training of the traders to press the record button at the end of a call to record the deal terms. Let me know your thoughts on the proposed changes. Anti-trust -- we have completed anti-trust training in Houston for traders and have scheduled it in Portland and Calgary. Sales Practices -- this training has been completed in Portland and is being scheduled in Houston and Calgary. Anti-manipulation -- this training has been completed in Portland, but needs to be expanded to cover local law manipulation issues. It also needs to be scheduled in Houston and Calgary. Also, the above training needs to be supplemented with training on local power pool rules. There is a similar program being prepared in London. A meeting is being scheduled so we can discuss these matters further. You made a great contribution to the Singapore office and I thank you for that. I have proposed we change our procedure here and we are discussing the proposed changes. We can talk about in a few weeks in London. I think partnering with a lawfirm would be a good idea re documentation. Brent, also who has the risk of Y2K under our contracts? If energy is not delivered because of a Y2K problem, is that a force majeure event or otherwise excused? Let me know what response you are getting. I would split out Community Affiliations or just delete it. Do you want me to e-mail your resume to a few people I know in other businesses? If yes, please send again without the note to me. Mark I have talked to my friend and the areas where we need help are in coal product and paper product marketing and industrial customer outsourcing.