The capillaries of his malar regions and nasal appurtenance were engorged with blood which suffused the subcutaneous layers, the former approximating the coloration of Albion's floral emblem, the latter that of the Prunus avium, or sweet cherry. His amusing sub- and supralabials resembled nothing so much as a common loop knot, and their ambient hirsute facial adornment appeared like small, tabular and columnar crystals of frozen water. Clenched firmly between his incisors was a smoking piece whose grey fumes, forming a tenuous ellipse about his occiput, were suggestive of a decorative seasonal circlet of holly. His visage was wider than it was high, and when he waxed audibly mirthful, his corpulent abdominal region undulated in the manner of impectinated fruit syrup in a hemispherical container. He was, in short, neither more nor less than an obese, jocund, multigenarian gnome, the optical perception of whom rendered me visibly frolicsome despite every effort to refrain from so being. By rapidly lowering and then elevating one eyelid and rotating his head slightly to one side, he indicated that trepidation on my part was groundless. Without utterance and with dispatch, he commenced filling the aforementioned appended hosiery with various of the aforementioned articles of merchandise extracted from his aforementioned previously dorsally transported cloth receptacle. Upon completion of this task, he executed an abrupt about-face, placed a single manual digit in lateral juxtaposition to his olfactory organ, inclined his cranium forward in a gesture of leave-taking, and forthwith effected his egress by renegotiating in reverse the smoke passage. He then propelled himself in a short vector onto his conveyance, directed a musical expulsion of air through his contracted oral sphincter to the antlered quadrupeds of burden, and proceeded to soar aloft in a movement hitherto observable chiefly among the seed-bearing portions of a common weed. I understand that you may be in the Houston office at some point this week. If so, I would like to get a few minutes on your schedule to talk about South American Legal staffing issues. Could you give me a call or drop me an e-mail with what might work for you? If you are not actually in the office but have some time to talk on the phone, that would work too. A new California law opens the door for brokerages to conduct most, if not all, of their business in cyberspace. The legislation, which applies only to broker-dealers, validates brokerage contracts that are digitally signed. Though Internet brokerages routinely accept trading orders on-line, most require customers to enroll and order account transfers by sending in paper documents. The law makes such paperwork no longer necessary. He added, however, that the law's specific definition of a digital signature could limit the flexibility of its application as the technology evolves. Certainty about the validity of digital credentials is especially important to securities brokers, because securities transactions are typically much bigger than merchandise transactions on the Internet, said Christopher Musto, a senior analyst at Gomez Advisors Inc. Schwab has focused its legislative efforts more on the federal level, however, a spokesman for the company said. E-Trade did not respond to calls seeking elaboration on how it sees the law applying across the country. Mr. Smedinghoff, chairman of the American Bar Association's electronic commerce division, said the only way the law would have broader applicability is if a broker stipulated that a contract was governed by the laws of California. Legislation on digital signatures varies from state to state. For example, Connecticut law covers only medical records at hospitals, while Illinois makes electronic signatures applicable to all communications. In 1995 California became one of the early adopters of digital signature legislation, but that legislation was limited to communication with government agencies. Utah is often cited as the country's digital signature pacesetter, with a comprehensive law that preceded California's in 1995 and resulted in the pioneering designation of Digital Signature Trust Co. Alan Aronowitz's group is handling actual bandwidth. If it ever becomes financially traded, we will treat it like any other derivative. Global Band Width Just curious, which legal group will support global bandwith trading? I'm looking forward to seeing you Friday night.