At this stage it appears as though we will proceed to submit a mid-November bid, and therefore we should proceed with all necessary due diligence for Woodland. I left you a voice mail that I am available to assist in this process at your convenience. I appreciate your help in finding the services agreement for Bridgeline. However, Trevor Mihalik and I would like to get an agreement set up for the outsourcing of Enron's Risk employees. Do you know who could help me get this agreement set up? Should that be 2 months or 3 months? we haven't done less than three, and I don't think it is a good idea to go below that. non compete for Tom Swank Please prepare a 2 month non-compete agreement for Thomas Swank. If you need furhter information, please do not hesitate to ask. My friend who is a photographer is doing a show in Dallas this week. I suspect that we'll see info on his web site pretty soon. You have a good hand on the legal issues for the employment matters. If a form of indemnity is required, make it very broad to cover all risks, including, but not limited to, selection, unlawful discrimination and for permitting tortuous interference with employment. I assume that you have received my November 1 memo regarding Bidder D. I listened in on the labor relations call yesterday, but there didn't seem to be anything for me to comment on. I do have one observation about the call. While I don't know anything about the transaction, the conversation about employment and benefits would have been facilitated if Enron had previously submitted a written schedule of all of the documents and information Enron required in completing its due diligence review, and used that written schedule to make reference to the data that has not yet been received. Enron should not let the other side's data schedule or lack of a complete schedule control Enron's due diligence agenda. Enron should know in advance what information it wants and use a check off sheet to manage the due diligence process. That way, the other side will better understand what Enron expectations are. I use this kind of data management tool all of the time and it is very helpful to be able to refer to when it was presented to the other side, how long they have had it and what items are still missing. I heard nothing like that in the conference call yesterday. It was though people were thinking of things as the conversation went along. Pat Tim, I just got your letter about the January trial setting. How do we accomplish the goal of keeping our business people free from depositions at year-end? However, Clonch and Cline have agreed to meet again this coming Monday to discuss settlement. Apparently, Clonch is going to go back and look at his numbers. I got you an invitation to the Preview Party for Wednesday! Eden Sholeen is going to call you with the details. I haven't heard anything from Alice yet. Ok, you told me nothing, so I am clueless as to what is creating the distress. We will not be in Austin in the next few months. We are going to San Antonio the first weekend in March, as well as the first week in April. The other is for the Enron law conference, which is Wed. We are not taking Cameron on either of those trips party time! so we will be rushing back to Houston right afterwards. I haven't been too involved in the matter because it is not an Enron subsidiary, but from what I can tell, I like him. Any additional insight, if necessary, would be great. Too bad you weren't in Houston a couple of weeks ago. But, it probably would have been a sad time for all of you, and it sounds like you don't really need that right now. If you visit us, we promise to be cheerful and frivolous if you need it -- not that acting that way is too much of a chore for me. Plus, Cameron acts like a 2-year-old, which is a delight. He started at a new school a few weeks ago The Post Oak School -- a Montessori school about a block from our house , and he is really coming into his own. It is amazing how much my world has both grown and shrunk since he was born. Little things like seeing a squirrel in the back yard have become major events don't even get me started on helicopters. On the other hand, I feel this enormous responsibility and desire to make sure that all is right with the world. Quite an awesome sense of obligation and discovery combined. I've got to get out of here at some point, so I'd better get back to work. Yes, January was a tough month, and I guess I got pretty distracted by it all. Nothing has been resolved but I've gotten over the initial shock and sadness for my brothers. We were pretty worried about Joe for a while there because Myra is was? I can't remember how much I told you over the phone ? We haven't been to Houston in a long time and are due for a visit. We almost came the weekend of Feb 5-6 because a group was getting together to go to Jay's gravesite in honor of his Feb 10th birthday.