Should I overnight these to Ken to sign and then receive them back and sign on this end and he gets one and we get one? And I'm assuming that no one else in legal has to sign off at this point? I thought Linda Glynn mentioned something about Richard or someone else providing initials? Also does legal keep a copy or do we keep the contract with us? Mark, Do we need to say something about the fact that V E is representing Ecogas and not the plan to ensure protection of the privilege? Recently, you may have noticed some activity or heard some rumors regarding the Ecogas 401 k plan. Let me assure you that the plan is sound, and that the assets of the plan are safely held in trust with Merrill Lynch. The activity you may have noticed or the rumors you may have heard likely come from the fact that Ecogas has been contacted by the Department of Labor for a routine investigation of the plan. In connection with that investigation, Ecogas has hired the law firm of Vinson Elkins, who has visited our offices, to conduct a review and to make recommendations for improvement and for corrective action. I cannot stress enough that Ecogas stands behind the 401 k plan and is committed to making the necessary improvements and corrections. I know you will join me in welcoming this opportunity to make our plan better. This e-mail is intended to be reviewed initially only by the individual named above. If you are not the intended recipient or a representative thereof, or if you believe you have received this e-mail in error, you are hereby notified that any review, dissemination or copying of this e-mail or the information it contains is prohibited. If you have received this e-mail in error, please immediately notify the sender. I spoke with Fran about the Leaf River contracts. She indicated that we are waiting for details names, etc from Eric Connor. Once we get those, we can generate a draft for review and comment. I understand that Fran has asked Eric for this data. I believe that there are significant issues with this because it does not comply with the requirements of the Older Worker Benefit Protection Act. I will send you a new waiver form to use. It shiuld be cynthia barow instead. I think the benefits info already is in what we sent to katie caplan at weil.  Breakdown of those domestic employees by whether they are hourly or salaried 3. Amount of accrued, unpaid vacation balance. Let him pursue his claims with everyone else. Do we need to talk about Josey and Thompson? Tell me that - Milnthorp's draft is in his hands - Clemmons final has been sent - Lemmons is with him - Brown has been sent to him David Sarah. I think that we should enforce the agreement. If so he probably will have to pay back. I think that is right, but I do not have the data to confirm that. I would say that we should honor the terms of any sale or acquisition agreement with regards to service bridging. If we agreed to do so, then our records should reflect that service date. I faxed you a copy of the Plaintiff's Second Amended Complaint. I am in the process of creating Enron's answer based on my conversations with McClellan. I need to ask you a couple of questions regarding the answer Please call me at your earliest possible convenience. I didn't read it all but assume it is ok. Ill see what I can find out for you.  M Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld www. You of all people know how hard yesterday was for me. I hope never To have to go through that type of experience again. I assume that you are working with Terrie James on this. The answer depends, so we need to be careful about how we answe it. 