that the sample agreements sent to John earlier were what you had in mind. I have completed all of the amendment and assignment agreements for those persons with the guaranteed bonus. I will hold on to them until you are ready to fill in the blanks. A few of those employees work for Enron Canada Corp. I am not sure if I can transfer them to the other company in light of tax issues. Nonetheless, those are ready, and we can change the new company name if we set up a Canadian entity in the next few days. Let me know if you would like any more information. I will be out of town that day and cannot attend. I will provide feedback via the feedback forms. This will be a final review of employees below manager level and a prereview meeting for managers, directors and sr. The meeting will begin at 8am with a review of clerks, jr. Feel free to invite other managers and directors on your team to participate in this meeting. A preliminary evaluation should be completed for each of your employees. Call me if you have questions about this process. Valeria Good day, Diomedes, First, let me say that I am sorry about the delay in responding to your earlier email. Because of the significant amount of activity here at Enron over the past few days, it may take a few days to finalize the processing. However, if you have questions about timing, please feel free to call me. Feel free to give me a call if you would like to discuss this matter further. As mentioned in my voice mail on Friday, we have received a lawsuit filed by Michael Lindert against Enron Corp. I have contacted Chicago counsel for information, not retention, purposes to determine the answer date, which is 30 days. I do not believe that we have been properly served, however, so we appear to have additional time. The suit was filed 11/1, and we received it sometime last week, via cover letter to Ken Lay from Lindert rather bizzarre, if you ask me. The law firm representing the plaintiff is not some hack plaintiff's firm it actually is a blue chip family law firm with a good reputation in Cook County. The case probably should be removed to federal court due to diversity of citizenship. According to the Seyfarth, Shaw lawyers I contacted on Friday, the Circuit Court of Cook County, Law Division is not a place where we would want to be, and federal court is preferable. We have 30 days to remove to federal court. The weather is nice, but wind causes things to be chilly. One thing -- the cruise ship apparently can be quite rocky and rolly, which can cause some folks to have horrible nausea. You may want to call your pediatrician to get some meds for the kids and probably call your doc for some meds for you--as I recall, you got awfully seasick on the deep sea fishing boat, although it was when you were having all that trouble with your thyroid. We are planning to attend, although I am going to a networking happy hour at my old firm. I have got to get out there, as you can appreciate!  But I would like a waiver, so I think we should consider some sort of payment.  net That is fine, but I do have to get Cameron today, so let Shanna know. How are we handling others in that group?  net Pete, I learned today of a deal involving a newsprint plant in New Jersey, which you are running from the legal side. Are there any issues involving personnel or labor involved in this deal? If so, I would appreciate your getting me in the loop as early as possible. I spoke with lara robinson this morning. She indicated that the indemnities in the contribution agmt covered the matters addressed in this draft and that she was told no more indemnities were to be made. She also wants us to hire everyone who is out on leave immediately instead of having them show up when released. Would you please give me a call at your earliest convenience.  net Attached is a proposed letter to use when rescinding an offer of employment. I have consolidated drafts done by Fran Mayes and Terry Bosien. If you have other forms that you think work better, please send them our way. I think it will be useful to work from the same document across Enron.