We have suspended our neutral reference practice in light of the layoffs yesterday.  Can you and iane please join me Sharon and Kriste at 2 for a status meeting? No need to work on Canary any more -- it is off. I would suggest that you save your work in the event that it is revived, but it doesn't look like it is going to happen any time soon. If you would re-send your resume to me, I'll re-send it to my contacts here in town and let them know that you now are available. I think I may have a firm that could use your skills! I hope that you are well. Just to update you, I am now based in Houston permanently. I am still following up the leads you kindly provided me with. However I would be grateful if you would consider me for any suitable future positions which you become aware of. Many thanks for your continuing assistance. The Ultimate Resource for the Independent Traveller powered by OutBlaze I am working with Mary Joyce on that right now. I think we should consider this request. I have received an urgent data request from the counterparty for Netco. Name Position/title 2000 total compensation broken down by base, bonus, etc Comp for 2001, broken down by base, bonus, etc. I'd exclude stay bonus in this number If the person has a contract, what is the future value of the contract Did the person get a stay bonus last week? Date of hire If under contract, beginning and end date of the term of that agreement. They are in a rush for this data, so give me a call and let me know how quickly we can assemble it. Alan, I got a request from Carey Sloan that we confirm in writing that he was no longer an officer or board member of any Enron entity as of the last date of his employment. Twanda, We missed Diane's birthday on Friday -- I can't believe I forgot it! We are working on it but in the grand scheme of things it is kind of a back burner issue.  Did you get ok from your partners to publish 401k info to public and employees? I thought you might be interested to learn that Victoria Sterling amended her lawsuit to add Enron as a party on Nov. Of course, the claim will be stayed due to bankruptcy, but it is interesting that she finally did it. How about 9 in my office on 3825? Did you add the sections on what we want newco to do for the employees? Looks good to me, although I will have a new fax number soon. I will ask Twanda to send it to you once I know what it is. Phone list update Please make the necessary corrections to following attachment to help update our current phone list. David has asked me to summarize a request for data relating to employment agreements, as the company needs to decide whether it will reject or accept those agreements in the bankrupt entities. We also need to decide how to handle agreements in non-bankrupt entities. Employees involuntarily terminated in the last 2 weeks. Employees involved in Newco/Trading operations. Could you arrange for this work to be done preferably by tomorrow ? I would suggest that someone develop a single format that works for this data and then share it with the others. No employment claims for gas or power. I'd send this to sarah and ryan for their database. Ill check around I have a good friend who works there. I assume the severance question is only going to former employees, wbut the doctor question goes to both current and former employees. Have we assigned employees to netco? In fact I think we were going to move everyone into ena and have them hired by netco after closing. I am on blackberry and missed the end of the talking points. We haven't made that decision here though. As to solicitation of employees back and forth, it will be a negotiated deal term. I can't recall if we put any provision on that issue in the bid template or not. Let me know if you want me to check the latest version We think it may be payable as a past expense. Some of them may have left the company, and others may never have been employed.