They are also interested in the auctioned capacity. bullets pls forward your weekly bullets to me by 9am Fri sooner if possible. Gas will be transported to both the Willi Wick Farm Tap in the Texas panhandle area as well as to the West Texas pool. Problems with the Deal Profitability Model? There were some problems a few weeks ago but I'm assuming they have been resolved since no one is saying anything. Have there been any problems accessing the website? Are there any issues you'd like to raise? I'm not sure I have all the users on the mailing list so please inform those I may have inadvertently left out. Here is the electronic form for the Interconnect and Operating Agreement for your legal folks. Because we redistributed the account list last week, please change the following accounts to my name. Below is a summary of the Right of First Refusal section per the Transwestern tariff. pipeline will post within 10 business days bidders have 1 month for submittals shipper has up to 2 weeks to match Additional name for Conoco. Customer List Please review again and forward back to me with correct names, addresses and phone numbers. Please let me know if you are not available. Thanks in advance for your prompt response. Transwestern has initiated landowner's notification, which takes at least 30 days. Planning a trip to Tulsa this Friday, to visit with Oneok. I'd called the Benefits Help Line recently and they'd said "No Coverage" on Dental. Dental Coverage Please confirm that you changed your Dental election to No Coverage. I recall a phone conversation, however, need definite clarification. Thank you, Ginger McCain Strip Starts Nov. 1 -01 year-strip Strip Socal Strip Permian Spread 1 4. I have tested the updated system and every thing seems to be working. I did speak to the Help Desk last week and it was decided that we will run this program through Netscape Navigator vs Explorer. We don't know exact why it suddenly stops calculating marginal fuel. We had to rule out possible causes step by step and to make sure the whole process work step by step. Possible reason might be multiple version of calculation component being registered in the server and the correct one was not used lately. We cleaned it and re-registered the working version and it worked. Did you have chance to talk to help desk regarding internet explorer upgrade to 5. Topock The spreads are still pretty wide even through 2002 at 0.