This is language to ensure that load has transmission access to remote generation. If we have load in the Northwest, and have purchased generation in California, we should have access to available transmission. Please feel free to utilize any or all of it. It would be interesting to get Steve Walton's feedback as well. Also, this doesn't really address my concerns with respect to curtailing firm exports under muni-transmission at least not completely. Arvina, Your numbers are close enough to mine to agree. I put in an annuity to Modesto for 158,321. The Enron deal number is 573111 just in case there is any confusion. If there are any problems, give me a call. Thanks, Sean Attached are my final comments. They deal more with the proposal to curtail exports including muni. I don't really care if we file this with the material we have already put together, or do something with it separately. If anyone has any questions, let me know Seems like one or each desk could participate. The problem would be the unrecorded line. Morning Gas Call A few weeks ago Lavorato requested that the west power desk sit in on his morning meeting with the different desk heads. Jeff Richter has been sitting in on these meetings for the last couple of weeks. I originally thought that rotating between you guys might make sense. These calls should be made on a regular line that is not recorded. Let me know how you want to work it out. If you are going to rotate, I would like to put together a schedule that I could have for myself and forward to Lavorato. This will take care of our Northwest book of business for Feb 1 through Feb 9. I will send you the P L calculation a little later. This is not the same as being short at the Mid-C. Purchases to fill this short should be put in the short-term Northwest book. Purchases to fill this short should be put in the short-term Northwest book. The tags have been built already 30070 for Friday and 30071 for Saturday and are pending. You will have to implement them at the appropriate time. It seems to me the easiest way to solve this problem would be to have an independent market organization declare what the day ahead cash market price was before the cash market traded. So for the example, they may recognize it's likely a stage 1 100 cap will be in effect on Wednesday, so they'll set the cap at 100. The market will know before hand and there will be no ambiguity. If a generator owns a call option at 125, the cap is 100, but the market is actually trading 150, does the generator have the right to exercise the option? What if the generator has a plant that he can fire up at 150. Does the generator have to wait until the price hits 150? Seems like the strike price on an option would be an easily demonstrable expense. And would there be a difference between a marketer owning an option and a generator owning an option? I'm not concerned going into February, so this contract is out of the money for February probably in March.