The move by Republicans came as Democratic criticism of the Bush administration's response to the Calif ornia power crisis intensified Wednesday. Although the bill will not conta in the price caps sought by Democrats and a handful of Republicans, Barton said he would allow amendments in support of price controls during committe e deliberations. Additionally, the bill would grant governors the flex ibility to allow power plants that have exceeded emissions limits to tempor arily keep operating during emergencies. I realize E and F don't jive with our long contract description, but conceptually it works. Bruce, I haven't had an opportunity to call you directly yet, so I thought I would e-mail you first and sort of lay out the circumstances. I've been a short-term trader with Enron for about 4 years -- I run our short-term Northwest book. Prior to that, I cash traded for Portland General for a couple of years. My contract with Enron is up July 31, and I have a 3-month non-compete obligation. Theoretically, the earliest I could leave Enron would be May 31, so the earliest I could start with another shop would be Sept 1. To be honest, at this point I'm shopping. I'm talking to a couple of other outfits and I basically want to see what sort of interest there is out there. I talked with Matt, and he mentioned you, so I thought it might be a good idea to get in touch. If you are interested in pursuing anything further, please e-mail me and we'll arrange a time we can talk over the phone. The problem it seems to me is that, fundamentally, bid is always first, offer is second. I'm not sure how you guys feel about it, but I want to give you a heads up. Steve, I've been talking with James over the last couple of weeks about possible opportunities at Duke. Just to give you a quick look at my background, I've been running Enron's short-term Northwest desk for about 4 years. I'm under a 3-month noncompete obligation after I leave Enron. Theoretically, my last day with Enron could be May 31, so the first day I'd be able to start somewhere else would be Sept 1. To be honest, at this point I'm shopping. My goal is to have 3-4 options to consider by May 31. I'll be in Salt Lake on May 4, so if you are interested in getting together to talk about any opportunities Duke might have, please let me know. E-mail me with a number I can reach you at, a time, and I'll give you a call from my cell phone. Thanks Kevin This looks like it will work. Since there has been some confusion around this, I'll lay out what I think will happen with this language. I suggest we test things out now, and see how it works. Thanks, Sean Here are some questions/comments I have regarding the ruling. Would financial products swaps be affected by the cap? There has to be less ambiguity with respect to day ahead cash markets. Tuesday assume the price is 85 during the first few offpeak hours, but the Wednesday forecast shows identical conditions as Monday. What is the day ahead cash cap trading Tuesday for Wednesday?