So supposedly we have 14 potential suitors. You've probably heard of the banks, and I've also heard Reliant is putting together a bid. Then Enron lays off people on our floor, which has made a phenomenal amount of money, and gives them basically 4,000 taxed at 48. It's going to be interesting to see what this does to the industry. I think the California debacle, then Enron now Calpine , is going to create an interesting dynamic going forward. Credit is going to become more and more an issue, especially towards the back of the curve. It's interesting, I remember 5 years ago the prediction was, when it was all said and done, there would be 6 big energy suppliers in the country. If it looks like we're going to be on the sidelines for a while, I might go on vacation for a couple of weeks, maybe Hawaii. Well, I'm going to go grab a cup of coffee. This seems like an issue that Houston is going to have to resolve since they know the deals that were killed. I will put the necessary interdesk swaps in on Saturday, but I'm going to leave Sunday and Monday open at this point. If you have any questions, let me or Diana know. I'll have more detail to you and Thome in a minute. Audrey, Here is a brief personal work history. I've been in the utility industry pretty much since 1988. I started trading for Portland General Electric in 1995. I've been a trader for Enron for the last 4 years. I run Enron's short-term Northwest book. Various bonus structures, generally with a minimum guaranteed equal to the base salary. Quite frankly a move to the east coast is not very appealing. The compensation package would have to be very attractive for me to seriously consider a move to that area. If you have any questions, please let me know. I think when I "left" Enron I was removed from the mailing list, so I don't get Belden's general emails. We'd like to get some more spreads going. I'd like to pick the Bears as the losing team this week. It's kind of a weird product, but I think it would trade quite a bit once people figured out what it was. It's called the Day Ahead/Real-Time Park/Lend product. Essentially it's a financial trade on a day ahead basis that is settled real time. If we fast forward to real-time, Morgan Stanley has two options. The nice thing about this product is it provides any party the ability to take a position to real time, even if they are not a control area. In addition, it would provide utilities and generators the ability to hedge a day-ahead position. Kevin, I'm not sure if it's you I need to talk to about this, but I would appreciate some direction if it's somebody else. The data request was unusual in the type of information it asked for, and for the most part, Enron's internal systems did not track the information in the format requested. Since the pending lawsuit involves a large amount of money, it was imperative that 1 the data be pulled together, even though our internal systems did not track this type of information in a format that was readily accessible 2 the data be as accurate as possible, and 3 it be done in a very short period of time.