I forgot to send the address list before we left for Austin. I have some gift certificates for Ann T, Gap and Gymboree. Kim has to travel to Indonesia on business Feb 8 to Feb 19. I already had Donna prepare a revised budget with people assigned directly to pipes and no cross pipe allocations. It is rough still -- but looks like we can stay within budget for each pipe. Christi - here is the plaintiff malpractice reference from Cyndi. Thanks for securing the Astros tickets for Gas Logistics. On Monday afternoon I had everyone gather and we had popcorn and a drawing for yesterday's seats, the extra seats for today and this Friday's opening Aeros game. Even though I followed this democratic process -- the winners turned out to be exactly the people I wanted to reward. I also made sure to have a leader in each group to buy the snacks. Yesterday Brad took Jodie Floyd, Jerry Graves, and Tracy Minter,Toby Kuehl and Lanny Cramer. Today Dannis Bellard, Dale Ratliff, Terry Kowalke and Steve Chambers are going to the game. We'll try to do this again next week if we have extra tickets Astros cooperating of course. I'm also going to have a dinner for them after the game. Perhaps at Irma's where hopefully Jack and Rachel will join us. I'll have Ricki leave you a message if you are interested in stoping by. I'm going to call Julie to get on your calendar to brief you on some key logistics issues and talk about issues related to our current seating arrangements. Kim misplaced your email address so I'm taking a stab that this is it. I'd love to talk to you about your upcoming adventure to Kazakhstan. Do you know where in Kazakhstan you'll be adopting from? Happy New Year Shelley Did Ginger give you any read on how long to translate our documents or when they might be sent to Kazakhstan? Shelley  Hi Mrs. Traylor, Obviously things have been a bit chaotic in our family life as we try to get Alina "Chad's new adopted sister settled into our routines. We have been trying to keep Chad's routines as normal as usual, including bedtime and homework time. While he seems happy with school, I have noticed decreasing marks on his homework and practice tests. This especially concerns me with respect to his math -- where he has always been an excellent student. Do you have any suggestions to help Chad with timed practice tests? Do you recommend any particular classes Kumon, etc or workbooks? If you think it is appropriate to meet to talk about Chad's progress, I could come to school anytime this Friday, February 1 for a conference. The bible lessons are about David and play on theme of little in size, big in spirit. The video that can be used during refreshment time is the basis of our Friday evening program features Chatter the Chipmunk -- so we could reuse the adorable costume Ann Turney made. I would like to select the curriculum with you guys before we have our volunteer luncheon which I would like to do in late Feb or early March. I think I currently have 2 weeks penciled on the church calendar. I also have ordered samples of Group's Children's Church curriculum. I have been struggling lately with inspiration for new lessons and some pre-prepared lessons might help us draw in additional volunteers. Most of our volunteers are enthusiastic about helping -- but not preparing -- a children's church worship. Evening meetings are difficult for me right now -- as there is much to do in the evenings and little time. I would love to meet sometime this weekend if you are available. Kim will be out of the country the first few weekends in Feb. I also wanted to thank you for your flexibility in covering both the gas control desks and the measurement desk. Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld www. I just replaced my daytimer calendar for 2002 and realized that I missed Matt's birthday. I hope that wasn't the day we were all over at your house. Wish Matt a belated greeting on us and of course congrats on his promotion. Now that we have Alina's initial visit out of the way and she has stopped talking about the bad "jaman" nurse that gave her the shots, I guess it's time to plan round two. Please let me know the appropriate timing to schedule a follow-up visit for further immunizations. I didn't know what her new title was supposed to be. Lynn chcecked with Fran and she told her coordinator. Could you please coordinate the meeting time at the Enron building with Jude/Bill. Ricki I'm assuming that you have set our travel to ballpark. Also, I want to make sure that we make the trip worth their while. Mike - Can we quickly pull together dinner/happy hour plans casual downtown after the game perhaps Ricki could reserve a spot for 10 at the old Irma's over by the ballpark where Dannis, Steve, Jack, Rachel, schedulers, etc. meet us. I think your outlined measures sound fine. I would think we could change to the new hotline almost immediately.