Gray Davis, convinced that he can't win votes by delivering bad news, avoided the task of telling Californians what virtuall y all experts have been saying for months--that electricity bills are going u p. Indeed, on Tuesday, the Democratic governor quickly moved to distance himself from a rate hike of as much as 46 that was approved by the California Public Utilities Commission, led by his appointee Loretta Lynch. That and other recent moves have thrown Davis' credibility into question--even in his own Democratic Party. You want to be in a position where you can say, 'I didn't have a choice my back was against the wall. even as the state's two largest utilities border on bankruptcy, and the state experienced blackouts a week ago, in mid-March, when electricity use was 50 less than it will be in the summer, when demand is highest. Davis and his aides say the governor is fully engaged in the problem, understands its many dimensions and is working long hours to solve it. But the crisis wears on, and an increasing number of lawmakers, including fellow Democrats, are alarmed. Senate Energy Committee Chairwoman Debra Bowen D-Marina del Rey , who began warning of a coming energy shortage 13 months ago. Many academics, utility executives, Wall Street analysts and legislators concluded weeks and months ago that rate hikes were necessary, given the soaring wholesale price of electricity. Even Davis has acknowledged that a rate hike might solve the situation. Lynch, a frequent visitor to the Capitol, was in Sacramento late last week and again Tuesday. She may not have spoken to Davis, but she did make other top administration officials aware of her plans. Lynch could have decided to act on her own. The state Constitution giv es the commission authority to raise utility rates. But the governor is well known as a micro-manager, involved in the most minute details of state governance. Davis has said the Legislature's job is to implement his vision. He has said judges he appoints who later break from him on major issues should resign. " So he strained his credibility by saying he was unaware that Lynch would move to raise rates Tuesday, particularly given events that occurred late last week. At the meeting, a participant warned that rates might have to rise 50 to 100. Also Friday, a top aide to Davis told The Times that Davis' staff was convinced that a rate hike was necessary, even as Davis continued to publicly oppose it. On Sunday, a top Davis aide referred reporters to Lynch, who confirmed that she would move to raise rates Tuesday. Now, Snyder, who has worked with Davis on various issues for decades, is, like many others, raising questions about the governor's credibility, his penchant for secrecy and his competence. "Either he is over his depth, or it is hubris, or it is the great river in Egypt, 'Denial. 23 to say he had reached an agreement on a rescue plan with Southern California Edison that included a deal to buy its massive transmission system for 2. A final package, he said, would be announced within a week, not only with Edison bu t with San Diego Gas and Electric. " Negotiations over a similar deal with Pacific Gas Electric, which he said back in February would be completed by now, are eve n further behind. Davis has refused to release details about contracts he signed with independent generators to buy power. He said, however, that the contracts accounted for 6,000 to 7,000 megawatts of electricity this summer, a significant amount that would help protect the state from having to buy much of its power on the far more costly spot market. Last week, when he released some scant details in a report on the contracts, experts who read it concluded that California would be forced to buy half or more of its electricity on the expensive spot market. Davis brushed aside reporters' questions last week about the blackou ts that rolled across the state. He remained cloistered as the outages continu ed for a second day, emerging only after they ended to announce a plan to ensu re that alternative energy producers would be paid. A week after he called on lawmakers to quickly approve a bill that would help get them paid, the legislation remains stalled. The energy crisis is perilous for Davis' reelection effort next year.