Sensing weakness, other states are pouncing. Which is not to dismiss the seriousness of the crisis. Pearce, who held his breath as the lights went ou t in buildings across the street last week. Indeed, the crisis may be exposing the weak spots in California's go-go economy. One concern is that production shifted this year from California to more energy-reliable areas might never return, Carney said. And if, even for the short term, California businesses are perceived as being unreliable supplie rs because they have unreliable power, the effects could be lasting, he said. Others worry about the effect of outages on people themselves. As a culture , we've becoming utterly dependent upon electricity to work, to play, to communicate. And it's starting to sink in that things will get worse before they get better, said Al Milo, director at the Fullerton Public Library, which lost power briefly last week. But things will get better, the stubborn optimists say. California will emerge from this darkness stronger than ever, with new technologies, a new conservation ethic and a new emphasis on alternative, renewable forms of energy. Carney was hosting two Korean businessmen last week when there was a great, sudden click and lights went out at the Business Council's office. Conserve and save A proposed tiered-billing format is designed to spare low power users from the rate increases. Your bill could be headed up as a result. Details of the plan haven't been finalized. But the idea is to create a three-level rate structure. Those who use more electricity will pay the highest rates and those who conserve will save. Consumers who use less than l30 percent of their baseline power allocation will escape any increase. The rate increase will be distributed across the two higher tiers. The Public Utilities Commission over the next 30 days will come up with a plan to determine exact rates for the two higher levels, as well as for different types of customers, such as residential and small business. Baseline is the portion of your usage considered necessary for essentials. To encourage conservation, it's set below the amount most people use. The percentage of Edison customers who use less than 130 percent of baseline is roughly 48 percent in winter months and 45 percent in the summer. Because baseline is set based on the average household's use, it means a single person living in an apartment can have the same baseline as a homeowner with four children. Baseline varies depending on where you live. There are different baselines for the summer and winter. People who use medical equipment in their homes can get higher baseline allocations. All-electric homes get higher baselines. Are they really doing this to get people to conserve? The state has already shelled out 3 billion buying power in the last three months for customers of the near-insolvent utilities. The state plans to issue bonds, which will be paid for by consumers, to cover the power purchases. But Wall Street bankers must have proof of a steady revenue stream - a rate increase - to convince them the bonds can be repaid. However, people inevitably will conserve if they are paying more for their power, so the plan will also help reduce demand. Replace your incandescent light bulbs with fluorescent bulbs. Clean those coils at the back of your refrigerator. Turn your air conditioner down or off. Reduce the amount of time you use your pool pump. Many items in your house use electricity when they are plugged in, even if they're not in use. You can cut consumption by unplugging your television, computer, coffeepot, toaster and blow dryer.