Given the thin profit margins of the grocery business, it has little choice but to raise prices. While that amount represents a huge bite out of consumer spending, by itself, it won't necessarily lead to a recession, said Brad Williams, senior economist at the state Legislative Analyst's Office. The state estimates that spending on electricity last year averaged between 2 and 3 percent of both business production costs and household budgets. Some business owners and economists welcomed the boost in electricity rates , saying in the long run, they will spur energy conservation efforts, boost power generating capacity and prevent rolling blackouts and their devastati ng effect on business productivity. "It's much worse for us if we have these damn blackouts. We have 100 employees, and if there's a blackout they're all sitting around twiddling their thumbs and I've still got to pay them," said Norm Rogers, president of Z-World Inc. in Davis, which designs and builds miniature special-purpose computers. Many economists and business experts believe rolling blackouts, not higher electricity rates, are the biggest threat to the economy. The state can work through the higher power costs - just as it did when gasoline and diesel prices soared last year, Levy said. In reaction to the higher power rates, a small number of businesses may lea ve California, expand out of state, or fail, though most will be able to weath er the short run, said. He absorbed high er diesel fuel costs for his 11 delivery trucks for six months before levying a surcharge in January. There's just no way his company can eat the higher electricity costs, he said. Other businesses may have little choice but to swallow the higher utility costs. In past months, the rocketing energy costs have forced companies to take dramatic steps to shave expenses. Dust-Tex, for example, has scrapped pay raises, raised prices 10 percent, cut hours for some workers, put a freeze on hiring and changed auto insurance coverage for its truck fleet. At the same time, it invested 60,000 for a new energy-efficient dryer. California Family Health Fitness, which has eight health clubs in the capital region, has tabled plans for two additional gyms until it gets a better handle on future energy costs, according to co-owner Larry Gury. But Gury and his partner are looking at spending 150,000 to 200,000 at each of four gyms to install solar panels for heating the pools and running the lights. Some impacts might not be seen for some time. In the health care industry, for example, the energy crisis has only added to existing financial pressures, said Larry Levitt, vice president of the Henry J. Pressed by higher bills, some employers may opt to trim or eliminate health benefits for workers, Levitt said. Bee staff writer Lisa Rapaport contributed to this report. A rate increase approved by the state Public Utilities Commission on Tuesday does not affect households that use less than 130 percent of a baseline amount of power. The proportion is slightly less in Pacific Gas and Electric's territory - 42 percent, utility spokeswoman Jann Tabor said. The baseline amount differs from region to region and from season to season. It, too, proposes to protect the thriftiest customers by raising the price only of kilowatt-hours used over baseline. Everyone else has the opportunity to dodge rate increases by scaling back their electricity use. If you're accustomed to using a central air conditioner all summer and unwilling to turn up the thermostat, it could be difficult, by Wilcox's reckoning. Households that do not use gas a nd are powered entirely by electricity get a higher baseline allowance.