It is effective immediately and will show up on bills in May. Gray Davis, who appointed three of its five members, said he wasn't consulted about the planned rate hike and that he does not favor it. But Davis, after learning Sunday night about the plan, apparently did not seek to block the commission's action. Instead, he issued a statement immediately after the vote that called it premature because we do not have all the appropriate financial numbers necessary to make a decision. Until we do, I cannot support any rate increase. The commission, however, said it had no alternative but to raise rates, considering that the state in recent weeks has been forced to spend billions in taxpayer funds on power because its cash-strapped utilities are no longer credit-worthy. But even some commissioners were uneasy. Davis' most recent appointee on the commission, Geoffrey Brown, acknowledged during the Tuesday meeting that we as commissioners had very little time to review this. In fact, an administrative law judge -- using much the same evidence that was included in the decision to raise rates -- had concluded recently that no such increase was justified. The commission did not explain how it arrived at the increase of 3 cents per kilowatt-hour. Previously, officials with Pacific Gas Electric Co. and Southern California Edison had only sought a 2-cent per kilowatt-hour increase. Experts pointed to a number of unanswered questions that make it uncertain whether a 3-cent hike will bring in sufficient revenue to cover the enormou s cost the state has incurred since it began buying power. It's also unclear how much the state might wind up spending on t he expensive electricity spot market this summer, and whether an additional rate increase would be needed to cover that. Roderick Wright, who chairs the Assembly Utilities Committee , told the commission that he opposed the idea of approving any rate hike now , until the state has a better idea of the total amount that consumers ultimately will have to bear. By establishing a 3-cent increase now, we'll be back in a short time, potentially doing it again, he said. To be nickeled and dimed to death as we're doing here, I don't think that does anybody any good. Signs of confusion Utility officials sounded similarly unimpressed and confused. Bruce Foster, an Edison vice president, offered a similar lukewarm endorsement of the increase. I'm not saying that it will do it, he said , acknowledging the possibility of more increases down the road, but he called the hike a step in the right direction. bankruptcy Commissioner Richard Bilas said he feared that if the utilities were forced into bankruptcy, the judge overseeing such a case could order much bigger rate hikes to stabilize the companies' finances. A rate increase designed by this commission is far better than one design ed by a bankruptcy judge, Bilas said, adding that he also was concerned abou t how the state appeared to be buying electricity like a drunken sailor. But others reacted angrily to the commission's decision. Several protesters hoisted signs at the meeting that read, we won't pay and chanted, rate hikes go away, make the energy companies pay. Police later escorted them out of the meeting after commission President Loretta Lynch became annoyed at their noisy interruptions. Instead of raising rates, they and other consumer advocates urged Davis to use the state's power of eminent domain to take over the power plants operated by companies accused of gouging the public. Officials in Davis' office said Tuesday that they intend to review the commission's action and decide over the next few weeks whether to support it or seek changes. But to some people, the governor's claim of ignorance about the commission's plan -- and his seeming inability to do anything to stop the rate hike from being approved -- severely strained credulity. Who appoint ed them and who's been giving orders all along? Davis did say for the first time Tuesday that he might be willing to consid er having consumers pay more for electricity. If it becomes clear that a rate increase is absolutely necessary for the good of the state, he said, I will support one that is fair. Dion Nissenbaum and Hallye Jordan contributed to this report. The heaviest users of electricity will probably pay the most, and nearly half of residential users will likely see no increase at all. Although the details aren't yet final, state regulators say they intend to fashion a tiered structure to implement the higher rates. Regulators consider the increase effective immediately but say it won't appear on bills until May. While regulators agreed that rates will rise, they still have to approve a structure for how customers will share the cost.