But it could take Southern California Edison a month to 45 days to implement it, so you could face retroactive charges on a follow-up bill. We didn't ask for deregulation and now we're paying more. Call or write you state lawmakers and the governor. Gray Davis's repeated statements that no new rate increases would be needed to keep the state's two largest utilities solvent, the State Public Utilities Commission said today that it had no choice but to raise rates by up to 46 percent for customers of the two utilities to avoid a greater catastrophe if the companies went bankrupt. We have fought back hard in every venue possible against these unjust energy prices, said Loretta Lynch, the commission president and a Davis appointee, who had proposed the increases on Monday. Ms. Lynch said that under a tiered rate system that would be hammered out within the next 30 days, heavy power users would face the greatest increase s while light users would face little or no increases. Customers will see the rate increases in their May utility bills. Perhaps 45 percent of consumers under this system -- including the poorest residents, who would be exempt -- will face no increase at all, Ms. Lynch said. Heavy users will face increases of about 36 percent, she said. Coupled with the average 10 percent temporary rate increase in January that the commission made permanent today, those consumers will pay 46 percent more for utilities than they did in December. But even people who use small amounts of power and do not see their rates increase could feel the impact if commercial power customers, from small businesses to megastores, pass on their higher electricity costs through price increases. Before the rate increases, power costs in California were slightly higher than the national average, but lower than the prices paid in New York and other Northeastern States. Residential electricity users already pay an average of about 65 a month, state officials say. In addition, under a previous commission decision, rates will go up an additional 10 percent next year. The commission, which approved the rate increase 5 to 0, also voted to require that the two large utilities, the Pacific Gas and Electric Company and Southern California Edison, reimburse the state's Department of Water Resources 4 billion spent on their behalf and begin paying alternative energy generators, which account for more than a quarter of the state's daily energy needs. The two utilities have not paid their bills for months, saying they are nearly bankrupt because under deregulation of the power industry, wholesalers have been allowed to float prices while retail rates were capped. Small alternative energy producers had not been paid at all for months, with dire consequences. For two days last week, the state's power managers were forced to order rolling blackouts across parts of the state, in part because the small energy producers shut down half their capacity because they had not been paid. For those on all sides, the commission seemed to raise as many questions as it answered. Consumer advocates, who interrupted the hearing five times, questioned why the commission had decided on the vote so abruptly, with onl y 24-hour notice to the public. Spokesmen for each of the utility companies said they had no idea what the rate increases would mean to the average customer until the tiered system was determined. They also said they did no t know whether these new rates would mean the end of rolling blackouts. They may know something that I don't know, said Bruce Foster, vice president of regulatory affairs at Southern California Edison, speaking of the commission's vote outside the hearing room. Mr. Foster also complained that the commission's directive to begin paying bills to the state and the alternative energy producers -- or face a penalt y equal to the amount owed -- might be illegal and said that the company woul d look into appealing it. Ron Low, a spokesman for Pacific Gas and Electric, also complained that the commission's actions seemed rushed and lacked specifics. The rate increase will generate about 2. 3 billion for Southern California Edison, a unit of Edison International. While those revenues will help the utilities buy power on the wholesale market in the future, the commission made no provision for paying off about 13 billion in debt accumulated by the utilities as a result of past wholesale costs. That issue would be left to the governor and state legislators. The commission heard public comment before the vote, but did not answer questions afterward. Consumer advocates were furious, many blaming Governor Davis. The governor today issued a statement calling the commission's move premature.