Flare may want the money but we should try it. After you review and discuss these issues, let's get together via phone and discuss outstanding issues. Please call Cathy Phillips with a time to talk. On Friday, February 23, 2001 we received by fax a copy of the Residential Construction Contract Mr. Kent intends on using in connection with the construction of your home. Upon receipt we noticed that it was not a Cost Plus Contract. Therefore, we spoke with him about this matter. He indicated that although he believes he will be doing the home on a cost plus basis, no final agreement regarding this matter had yet been made. The Residential Construction Contract form he uses is a Greater Houston Builders Association form which is, for the most part, a good one although it is written primarily to protect the builder. Therefore, we may ask that a number of minor changes be made to the Contract as it relates to notice requirements to you regarding problems in construction and some changes in the indemnity language. In addition, there may be some other changes we request. Under any circumstance, we can dictate a letter to Mr. Kent at the appropriate time. Mr. Kent also indicated that he will make sure we receive a copy of the Deed Restrictions as soon as possible. We assume that you will acquire financing for the construction of the home itself. We will also have to provide to you a Disclosure Statement which spells out some of your rights and responsibilities under Texas law and a Contractors List of Subcontractors and Suppliers which tells you the names and addresses of the Subcontractors Flair intends on using. We are sure that the construction lender will require that these documents be provided at the appropriate time. Should you have any questions or comments, please call us. A couple of high priority activities we need to address very quickly. We had a successful off-site in Miami this weekend. I will send you a copy of the presentations for your information and review - good airplane reading. I have had several additional discussions on our Global weather business and have come to a decision on how we need to run the weather business. I believe that we do need 100 full time dedication from each and any employee that is dedicated to the weather business including in the overall development and execution of our global strategy and positions. I have a great deal of confidence and am holding Mark Tawney responsible and accountable for extensive growth and profitability in the business on a global basis. We need to hire additional people to add to grow the business in Japan and Australia. Joe and Paul are on board with this strategy and Mark will work with them to accomplish the hiring of people and needed resources. This will not just be talk but we will get these people in place by specific deadlines. We will pay all of those people's expenses and of course the business leaders will be on board with the hiring and the weather guys will be expected to be a valuable team player and resource to their group. On the Norway front, we need to implement the same organization structure. We have talked a lot about Thor and better communication, but we need to make a change. On the communication front, we will have weekly calls with him and the weather group to make sure that we are all on the same page and he is up to speed with where we are going. If I am in town, I will make those calls as well. Jeff did have a video call with Thor last week to talk about his email and it went well. Upon my return from London, I learned that Thor and the London group put out a press release about putting out pricing on about 1,000 new products on 15 cities and even changing the index. Neither Mark nor Jeff were even aware of this event nor was it even brought up in the call as something that was going to happen. Also the hiring of Lars Elmlund as a weather originator, without any discussion, also illustrates the lack of communication or desire to work together. I am not saying that Mark or Thor are totally to blame, they both deserve credit for not working together, but we are going to change the future and make sure that it will work better. If that is the case, we can make it work via London. The specific weather piece of his business is very small and isn't going to effect his PL significantly he'll actually be net positive! I certainly want to do this with the least impact on the rest of your organization. Please give me a call and we will discuss the issues surrounding this new structure and the best way to communicate it to those involved in order to implement this in the most effective manner. I am unavailable London time on Monday and Tuesday but will make myself available to your schedule upon my return after that. I'll address in more detail later, I'm gong out of town again this morning, but I did call Alan Kent and you will have a copy of his standard construction agreement and a copy of the deed restrictions e-mailed today. Also please call Alan directly with any questions on the contract. Larry is his real estate agent for selling homes in this subdivision and i believe he is just helping him. Alan should be able to answer most of your questions for clarifications quickly. In case you don't have his numbers, he can be reached at his office. We can discuss the other issues you addressed later when i get a chance to review them more carefully.