Officers Mike, the next meeting of the Board of Directors will be held on August 8th. Prior to each meeting, we will send you a list of Enron Corp. Officers from your department for your review. Please provide comments to the list by July 31st. If you approve as written, please let me know. It will be broad in scope and will address many areas. Please review and provide comments especially on the Japan part. I went ahead and took a stab at the first cut here and expect you to make all the changes and emphasis you feel is appropriate. We are a couple of weeks away from discussing every player Morten Erik that is why I left it very broad. Please take a moment, change and send back to me for examination and incorporation. I wanted to get this out on Friday, but may have to wait until early next week while i am on the road. They are all out of the office thru next week. If you don't hear back from someone in a couple of weeks, please let me know. Attached is the draft announcement for the organization changes. Please provide your comments and I'll make sure they get included correctly. David I got your latest comments this morning. I like them and added the correct Enron Net Works changes. Thanks for the comments and updates. I didn't know exactly how it was structured. I am waiting on the revised draft from Frevert. After I get that one I will circulate it to Greg for his additions for the Net Works pieces. I don't believe that we are going to add Shankman to the executive committee right now. There may be an appropriate time in the near future to make changes to the committee and they may be considered then. I don't think they want to add any additional people at this time. Mark may have a different opinion and if he does, I am sure he will add it. I do think we should add that Mark is Chairman of all the organizations. - Wasn't clear on emmisisons, but believe that is McGowan who reports to McClellan - Tawney reports to Overdyke - Thought Overdyke was Insurance and Weather - Won't Shankman also get elected to to the Exec Committee? - Above being case I would suggest we announce same for Lavo. Sorry I missed you yesterday. There is a lot going on here and in America and we can probably discuss it next week. I agree with your assessment of and the need to clarify roles and implement the business plan. We will address all but there are some things going on that make it appropriate to wait a little. If you have any questions you can address them with Joe but I would wait and keep moving forward on your daily business and projects. I like the plan and we will discuss my comments next week. Congratulations, who would have predicted this when you got called back from your plane trip to work on this new trading idea. Below is my first stab at the organization memo. I didn't over focus on specific wording and I am not sure how you want to address the various groups that will be affected. I believe we need to address all of them by name and they should probably be in alpha order as to not upset anyone on the order. I also didn't know any other information that you may want to include with regard to the successes from the group year to date. Greg, Jeff and I are getting together for lunch tomorrow to discuss the New Works organization. I think that this should come from Enron's office of the Chairman vs. the business units because it does affect 2 different lines of business and it will have more impact and clarity for the other groups especially, my departure from Net Works. After you guys pretty this up and destroy it please send it back via email and i'll make sure and coordinate with Whalley. Thanks, Mike Peggy, I'm glad you had a good time. I was proud to have you represent Enron. Office of the Chairman Please read and let me know if you find any errors or if you have any ideas. At Enron Net Works, it has become clear that we have a tremendous opportunity 20 to utilize our unique strengths, skills and new business efforts across an 20 entire new set of opportunities being created in the private equity markets. Because of this, we have reorganized the Enron Net Works Investments Group with the view to leveraging the group better across strategic opportunities in the eCommerce and technology space, and within Enron. Reporting to him in this new role will be Steve Horn and the venture investing group. Further, Alan Sommer will be joining Jay 01,s team to focus on developing new market opportunities, with a focus on working with the various domestic and international Enron business units to develop eCommerce-related businesses and strategies. Jay will be working both out of the New York and Houston offices in his new role, and can be reached at jay enron. Joe, It worked great, thanks for all your help.