Committee members for this year's campaign are listed below. Please feel free to contact me or any Steering Committee member if you have any questions or if you have friends that you would like to sign up to help with our campaign. I look forward to seeing all of you at the luncheon on Wednesday. A follow-up email to our earlier discussions. I was unable to pull up the images you sent to me and my home email address. I am interested in the Matisse and would like to see the image. On the Liechtenstein, I like the one you had and would be interested in talking if you could find another. Also i would appreciate you sending another image of the matisse. If you any problems with this e-mail please let me know and I will be happy to either re-send the message or mail you the images and materials on the artwork. Most sincerely, Virginia Repasky. It was wonderful welcoming you to our San Francisco gallery. Last time we spoke you had expressed interest in Matisse's Icarusand Lichtenstein's lithograph. I have located another Matisse's Icarus on your behalf. The lithograph, Blue Noteby Lichtenstien that you viewed has since sold. But I am pleased to inform you that we have just received in inventory Composition for The Solomon R. I wanted to again touch base with you about these artworks. I wanted to let you know about these artworks since they has not yet? I have taken the liberty of enclosing information and visuals on each of the images. In light of your enthusiasm for rare artworks and the imagery of the time period, I know these exquisite pieces would almost certainly appeal to you. If my assumption is correct and you would be interested in adding one or another of these fine works to your collection, please let me know at your earliest convenience. This is a wonderful opportunity to select from some of the most famous and important graphic images created during the modern era. Any of these images could easily be added to any important museum collection in the world. This is an excellent opportunity for a discriminating collector such as you. I would also be happy to schedule an appointment over the phone with our Director, Steven Little concerning these artworks. Please let me know at your earliest convenience. If you have any questions, please do not hesitate to get in touch with me. I look forward to hearing from you soonest. In excellent condition, with bright fresh colors, printed on a full sheet. At the beginning of the 1940 01,s Matisse was starting to concentrate on the technique of using cut paper collages to create abstract color compositions. The dense smooth colors and clear-cut shapes created a totally new artistic language for him. It was in seeking to extend this concept that he began, under the encouragement of the publisher Teriade to experiment with using the same types of form created through stencil printing. At first he used cut stencil shapes linked to lithography, and then move to? Matisse 01,s project was to create an album titled Jazz? The first trials were made using lithography, and it was in this connection that the Icarus composition above was issued by Teriade in Verve as a form of publicity for the forthcoming album. It is one of the great characteristic images of Matisse 01,s oeuvre of this period. In excellent condition, with bright fresh colors, printed on a sheet with full margins. This image was created for Lichtenstein's first solo exhibition in a New York Museum. I talked again with Cindy Olson and she has discussed the issue in detail with the Astros organization. They are going to think about this and examine for next season. They did say that this was the first time this was brought up but they want to be sensitive and will consider at change. Thanks for bringing this to my attention. I would be happy to support Jeff.