Paul Kathleen, Congratulations, This is truly great news. Remember all of the little people when you are hugely famous. Possibly they could be there for the Hoegh Galleon unloading. Please let me know your date preferences and the names of anyone else that should attend the meetings. It is very nice to hear from you. I just returned from a business trip to the Middle East and India. I received your message earlier this year and accidentally erased it. When I called information to get your number, a really young woman twenty-something answered the phone number I was given She told me I had the wrong number but I'm still wondering. Anyway, hopefully you'll receive this and reply with your current home number. You'll have to tell me about your experience there. Let me know if you receive this and I'll write back. A printed copy of the attached document with photos is being forwarded to you seperately. I will be responsible for sending you the monthly updates in the future. Also, I am planning a trip to the Middle East at the end of March and the beginning of April. If you have any questions, please feel free to call me. I hope that all is well with you. I have made some changes to your document. Pardon me for the fact that I cannot seem to draw in the lines as well as you. I hope that this information will be helpful to you. Call me if you wish to discuss this or anything. Also, note that my current salary is 110,000 per year not including bonuses. Thanks, Paul Gene, I have a methodology that gives me the answer with 3 uses of the balance 50 of the time but requires 4 uses of the balance the other 50 of the time. For my first use of the scales, I place a total of 6 balls on the scales 3 on each side. If they balance, then none of the six balls on the scales is the odd ball. If they do not balance, then none of the six balls that were left off of the scales is the odd ball. Thus, I have reduced the possible suspects to 6 after one use of the scales. Second, I place three balls that have been eliminated as suspects on one side of the scales and three balls that are still possibles on the other. If the scales do not balance, I know that one of the three suspects on the scales is the odd ball and I know whether it is heavier or lighter than the others. I can determine which is the odd ball on the third use of the scales by placing only one remaining suspect on each side of the scales. If they balance, then the suspect left off is the odd ball. If they do not balance, I know which one is odd because I already know whether the odd ball is heavier or lighter. If the scales balance on my second use of the scales, then I have three remaining suspects the balls left off the scales but do not know whether the odd ball is heavier or lighter. Am I close at all I hope that you had a good trip back. needs to establish a very, very strong ground troop presence in Afghanistan as soon as possible. Until we accomplish this, we will not win over the Afghan people who would like to be rid of the Taliban. As of today, defection is very risky and maybe almost impossible. We need bases of operation in more than one area of the country. The logistics of feeding and sheltering and supplying these troops may be difficult but not impossible. The Afghan people need our support on the ground if they are going to rise up against the Taliban. If our ground troops were hailed as liberators by the Afghan people and that was broadcast all over the world, we would start winning the war of words. There will be casualties on our side and the American people must prepare themselves mentally. We are fighting a ruthless, brutal enemy. Our resolve must increase, not diminish, when images of our casualties begin to come across our television screens. We must take down the Taliban and Bin Laden and other terrorists around the globe or face more attacks and loss of life in the United States. I am interested in understanding the math associated with valuing calls and puts on the spread between the index points. Also, do you have an option pricing model that I could have? Do you recall the work that you did for Kim Watson in the past?