I will be in Portland next week if you want to talk about this matter. As far as the request to Avista, I think that we should make such a request, preferably from our business contact--a short and sweet letter should do. It is possible that we should send a request to Avista to retain the tapes for the dates 12-6-00 through today in case a dispute arises over the declaration of force majeure. Do you think that would be prudent, and if so, how would you like to go about making the request? Loop 610 south right for about 5-7 miles past the Galleria and Highway 59. exit Bellaire Blvd second exit after you cross over 59. stay on the access road through the Bellaire exit. the next light past Bellaire on the access rd is Evergreen---take a right. We are on College st, which is the first street after the only stop sign on Evergreen. Rice you have gone too far on Evergreen. We are the 3rd house on the left--546 College. Hi, I was wonderding if someone can give me directions to your house from the way I would be coming in from Austin. Per my voicemail, please give me a call to discuss initiation of arbitration proceedings against Gulf Oil for nonpayment of 53,016. Interfert Bernard, This will confirm our telephone conference of today and your telefax to me of today. You confirmed that you had not mentioned settlement to Interfert's attorneys I assume that Interfert's attorneys have not raised the subject with us either. You also confirmed that Enron has no obligation to pay anything based simply on Mr. Cornuot's final report, which will have to be considered by the Court of Appeals of Versailles before it can become legally binding, and that Enron would likely have no obligation to pay any additional amounts until approximately the middle of 2002. You advised that the parties' pleadings regarding Mr. Cornuot's report were not due to be filed with the Court of Appeals of Versailles until October 1, 2001 and that supplemental pleadings could be filed until January 17, 2002. Oral argument trial before the Court of Appeal of Versailles was set for March 7, 2002. Based on this, you did not expect the Court of Appeal of Versailles to render its decision until around June 2002. You have also inquired with our appellate experts as to when they expect a ruling from the Supreme Court of France, and expect a response within the next ten 10 days from now. You will have your legal assistant translate only those portions of Mr. Cornuot's final report that differ significantly from his preliminary report. I would also appreciate it if you would send copies of the complete report to Christophe Casabonne and Michel Bouthonnet. As soon as it becomes practical to do so, I would appreciate inquiry into how much Mr. Cornuot will request for his fees and expenses in this matter. You will also advise me of a your attorney's fees and expenses outstanding, for your billed but unpaid time if any b , for your accrued but unbilled time and expense and c , for your estimated fees and expenses going forward, until the exhaustion of all appeals. Last, you confirmed that you frequently travelled to London and expected to be available for a conference in person with Richard in either Paris or London, at his convenience, around March 12, when Richard intends to be in London on other matters. Hi Richard-- I had dinner with Gilles August, the managing partner of the firm, on Friday. I think his firm is exactly what you are looking for. They have a number of partners who had high level partners in the Government. However, they also have a strong litigation group if that does not work out. Gilles himself is a member of the New York bar. I asked Gilles to send you information concerning his firm directly. Gilles tells me that he is going to be in Texas on business sometime soon. He would be happy to stop by and visit with your legal team. Gina--Will you please e-mail Gilles Richard Sanders contact information, including his e-mail address, his office address and phone contact information. Call me when you have a second. The list does not include Kevin McConville. Trial dates and dispositive motion deadlines have not changed. As a result of the the limited extension of discovery cutoff, plaintiffs want to push Brian back to the week of January 29th or the week of February 5th. They are also making noise about Brian's deposition possibly taking four days. We may want to take the position that Brian will be there for three days and no more. That will ruffle a lot of feathers, and you and I should discuss it. Hennegan has asked if I will represent Akin Gump and, if so, will I accept service. Either way, we need to alert Akin Gump what is going on.