We should attach our white paper to our protest and state that the paper explains how these problems could be solved at little or no cost to the customers. The changes required are additional generation, transmission, and demand response and will cost tens of millions of dollars and take lengthy periods of time to implement. There is no evidence that markets will ensure just and reasonable rates in the near future. The Commission's rules didn't create the wholesale market in the past, the market did and it was running fine until it was messed up by certain market rules were imposed that are enumerated in our paper. The problem is not the market-based rates. Besides there's no reason to take away our market-based rates because we are not exercising market power. I have no changes to the Intratex case description. Please update the section of the disclosure for which you are responsible for inclusion in the third quarter 2000 Form 10Q. Also, please let me know if there are any new items that should be considered. Please respond no later than Monday October 30. Enron is a party to various claims and litigation, the significant items of which are discussed below. Although no assurances can be given, Enron believes, based on its experience to date and after considering appropriate reserves that have been established, that the ultimate resolution of such items, individually or in the aggregate, will not have a material adverse impact on Enron's financial position or its results of operations. In 1995, several parties the Plaintiffs filed suit in Harri s County District Court in Houston, Texas, against Intratex Gas Company Intratex, Houston Pipe Line Company and Panhandle Gas Company collectively, the Enron Defendants, each of which is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Enron. The Plaintiffs were either sellers or royalty owners under numerous gas purchase contracts with Intratex, many of which have terminated. Early in 1996, the case was severed by the Court into two matters to be tried or otherwise resolved separately. In the first matter, the Plaintiffs alleged that the Enron Defendants committed fraud and negligent misrepresentation in connection with the 01 Panhandle program, a special marketing program established in the early 1980s. This case was tried in October 1996 and resulted in a verdict for the Enron Defendants. In the second matter, the Plaintiffs allege that the Enron Defendants violated state regulatory requirements and certain gas purchase contracts by failing to take the Plaintiffs' gas ratably with other producers' gas at certain times between 1978 and 1988. The trial court certified a class action with respect to ratability claims. On March 9, 2000, the Texas Supreme Court ruled that the trial court's class certification was improper and remanded the case to the trial court. The Enron Defendants deny the Plaintiffs' claims and have asserted various affirmative defenses, including the statute of limitations. The Enron Defendants believe that they have strong legal and factual defenses, and intend to vigorously contest the claims. Although no assurances can be given, Enron believes that the ultimate resolution of the se matters will not have a material adverse effect on its financial position or results of operations. On November 21, 1996, an explosion occurred in or around the Humberto Vidal Building in San Juan, Puerto Rico. The explosion resulted in fatalities, bodily injuries and damage to the building and surrounding property. 