John I am too busy and important to go on such short notice. Seriously---just pick one of the dates I gave you, even if it is a long way off. i will be out of town this weekend and next week and do not want to wait that long as you proposed sounds good. I'll also see if Steve Levitsky, our antitrust litigator who has been working on the Infineum case, can attend as well. If, for some reason, that does not work for you logistically, just let me know. On the California front, I'm sorry we keep missing each other, so I thought I would just relay what I found out based on an exchange of a couple of voice mails with certain of my insurance partners in our San Francisco office late last week. The consultant we have been using on the insurance matters I described in my voice mail is Frank Mankowitz sp? Let me know if you would like any our folks to facilitate anything for you in that respect. As discussed below, we do not believe that there is any adverse interest between Enron and these two companies, but Liz wanted you to be comfortable with her concurrent representation of these two other defendants. As I may have mentioned before, many of the defendants in the joint defense group are represented by one law firm. There is a commonality of interest in the defenses to the Trust's claims. The complaint against Arizona Public consists only of preference claims in the amount of 300,000 and an objection to its 420,000 proof of claim. Griffin Energy has been sued for breach of contract, turnover, unjust enrichment, fraudulent transfer, etc. Total amount of claims equal 530,000. Liz has review the complaint against Enron and our draft answer and is aware of our issues and defenses. None of our defenses would be in conflict with the defenses asserted by Arizona Power or Griffin. If fact, many of the same defenses would be raised. Both Arizona Public and Griffin would agree that if any sort of issue conflict came up in the future or if Enron became otherwise uncomfortable with the concurrent representations, Liz would withdraw from representing Arizona Power and Griffin and they will waive any right to assert a conflict or seek disqualification. Assuming that Arizona Public and Griffin Energy are not otherwise adverse to Enron in other matters which Liz did not believe they were, are you comfortable with these concurrent representations? I believe that there may be some beneficial economies in the concurrent representations in that Liz's time at hearings involving all defendants, etc. would be split among the defendants. However, if you're uncomfortable, then that's the end of the analysis. Liz is waiting to get back to Arizona Public and Griffin, so once you've decided, please let me know. I have forwarded yor e-mail to Michelle Cash. If the independent contractor is deemed to be an employee under Wyoming law, then our insurance may come into play. However, this has more significant implications under the employment arena. A very valid argument exists if he is deemed to have been an employee, then employment benefits may be due and owing. I am somewhat familiar with these issues as I dealt with a similar issue for Enron Oil Gas many years ago. Who should I visit with regarding employment related issues? More specifically, when an individual places auto insurance they must tell the insurer that they are driving in their vehicle for business purposes, otherwise the insurer will deny coverage on these grounds. This is one of the issues that we are facing here.