Bill- there is no issue with the garage as yet. Subsidy is still in place and bills are being paid per Steve Kean and Steve Woods. If you want to move to new garage it probably can be arranged. Let me know and I can get the person to get it started for you and anyone else. I think there is plenty of parking available. As we go into a possible deal with someone on Netco, we need to screen info transmitted to parties carefully and try to not send something if possible. If we need to transmit info out lets review it before it goes. Lavo or one of his people may want to review as well. Thanks for your help in quickly setting this up. If you have any follow up comments don't hesitate to call. You can Explain this to me next week or overthe weekend. I was good to meet with you on Thursday. Its amazing how similar our issues are and the approaches we use to address them. I spoke with my wife and we concluded it is probably a great idea to pursue something outside of Enron so I would definitely like to continue our discussions if you think appropriate. He is a sharp guy with lots of project finance experience and also worked in London for Eastern. If you don't want him involved and a transaction arises it will be difficult to get someone up to speed quickly, given the complexities. Took a call from Bill Cronin at New Power today. He requested that they be able to deal with commercial customers that were off limits before, medium commercial or large commercial. He also mentioned that they may have an interesty in some of the people. We need to talk today on what we say to ctpies. Others are slowly restricting us in various ways. Joe- Where is liquidity group meeting. My group wants to spend some time with them and then reconvene with us to discuss book position s. Jim- Do you have a list of who I talked to in Houston and their affiliation. I would like to keep straight who I have spoken with. The only card I received is from Michael Geffroy. Let me know if there is a problem with this request. We have paid them all of the margin they have contractual rights for. However, they want full collateral on all of their power position this is being driven by Bill Reid on their power floor, the amount is another 220mm they have no collateral rights to this. Essentially, the credit guy Frank Hilton is hurting us in the market and anything you can do to help is appreciated. I believe some of this is vindictive behaviour from an ex-employee and senior management may not know what he is up to. You need to get those checks and monthly statements. Call them and tell them to get that stuff to you. You need to get those checks and monthly statements. Call them and tell them to get that stuff to you. I want to thank everyone for their hard work during these trying times. Lots of our efforts in the past building systems, procedures and infrastructure pay off in times like these. On another note I want to caution everyone in the group from making negative statements in the presence of ours and other groups, especially more junior members of these groups. We all speculate about the state of affairs and it is a good stress relief but we can not be a part of morale reducing behavior. Things are not back to normal but they are improving. Upon receipt of commitment from banks, hopefully later today or early tomorrow, our short term issues should be resolved. Lots of activities are underway to address medium term and long term solutions. You all should have received instruction from Sheila W. I need that info late today so I can look at over the weekend. As I alluded to in my note yesterday, Enron has received a commitment for 1 billion in additional credit from our agent banks. This is great news, more from a market perception standpoint than an actual cash need. You can be assured that senior management is totally focused on the need to shore up the balance sheet with additional equity, now that we have the debt in place, but the equity we be a longer process. It appears this deal is creating inventory no offsetting short. Doesn't sound like the best use of our liquidity at this point. We have a million issues to address like this around the company.