Susan just tried to call you at the river house if you're online, shoot me an email when you're about to get off Just wanted to make sure you're okay. I may be heading out after morning trading to go home. Sue Stopped by Em's last night before coming home and she'd mentioned trying to do Austin this weekend. She'd already talked to Katy and it sounded like Katy was interested in Austin tomorrow night and then maybe Gruene on Saturday night. Anyway, wanted to let you know and see if you had any interest. Emily and Katy would probably try to leave early tomorrow to stop in Round Top and do some antique shopping. As it stands right now I think we're going to have stay in hotels both nights and we of course currently have no reservations, so it could get interesting. I was actually writing to see if you had any interest in going to Austin this weekend. Emily, Katy, myself and possibly Lisa are talking about making a trip up there tomorrow. We would be going out with some guy friends of ours so if Doug wanted to come he wouldn't be completely outnumbered. Also, one of Katy's friends manages Pat Green and he's playing at Gruene Hall so we were thinking about trying to go see him on Saturday. Drop me a line and let me know if you have any interest. It's been quite a while since we caught up on things. I went about a month ago and visited Emily in London and have been busy with work, etc. Hope you had a good Fourth of July! It happens to me pretty regularly. There was about 15-20 more of conversation which we can discuss later, but needless to say I'm still reeling. Sue Em got the grandparent dinner changed to Wednesday night, so we'll be able to get together tonight. She's supposed to give me a buzz later and let me know what she would like to do. Odds are we're looking at a happy hour, followed by a nice dinner and then who knows what. Bryan called last night to see if I wanted to go out again. I think we'll probably end up going out on Thursday. We'll see how it goes, but I don't feel as excited or enthusiastic as I probably should. Hope the parental visit is going well and that you haven't lost your mind yet. I just wanted to drop you a line to share with you my latest little upset aside from getting physically ill at Teala's Friday night. Nick emailed yesterday and said he wanted to call and catch up. They evidently decided to postpone about two weeks ago and the final blow came Friday night. To top everything off, he's moving back to Houston in three weeks. Obviously, given my last conversation with him in London, I'm a little concerned. Oh well, who wants a non-stressful existence anyway. How's married life treating you these days? I hope things are good with your job, home, etc. I was actually writing you to try and get Bonnie's email address. My friend Monique and I are going to Seattle next week for a long weekend and I was hoping to get some tips from her as well as possibly get together for lunch or dinner. I'm so sad I'll be missing it, but I'd already booked my flight by the time Clay sent the email. How are you doing? Lisa said you'd broken your foot recently and have been stuck on crutches. which I'm guessing is no fun when you're riding public transportation. I was writing to see if you might have some suggestions of things to do and places to go while in Seattle. One of my co-workers and myself are flying up Thursday for a long weekend in your fair city and were hoping to get a few pointers. I hope you're still enjoying things as much as you were a few months ago. It looks like you may have changed jobs already, which I trust is a good thing for you. I'm very anxious to see the city and all it has to offer. there is a part of me that has always thought I'd like to live in the Pacific Northwest for a while so this will be a little bit of a research trip for me. If you could start thinking of suggestions for restaurants, bars, outdoor activities, etc. that would be great, and maybe if you're in town we could get together for a meal or a drink. It's harassment time. I'm trying to put together the contact list to end all contact lists. I was hoping you guys could help me out by filling in any of the info you may already have. I've attached an excel file which has plants, pipelines and storage facilities. Fill in whatever you can and feel free to add anything you think should be included. Just take a look at the sheet when you get a chance and let me know if you have any questions. I think a group is actually getting together Friday night for Ashlea Stuart's birthday, but I'd be willing to skip it or go if you'd like to see some people. Anyway, just drop me a note when you get a chance. I could definitely use a good chat session. I didn't call this weekend, but I was swamped Saturday and subsequently exhausted on Sunday. I basically rotated from my bed to the couch to the pool to the couch and back to bed. Anyway, I was just going to tell you to go ahead and buy the ticket for me.