I don't know about the seating. I bet we could find somewhere to sit. Hi Patty, I apologize for not returning your call sooner, but I was actually out of town until yesterday. If you could drop me an email and let me know what would be the best time call you I would really appreciate it. I was wondering if you could tell me of a distributor or retailer from whom the wine might be purchased. I just wanted to make sure you got the last email I sent you in response to your email below. If it's just taking some time to respond no worries, if you didn't receive it for some reason let me know I attempted to answer the various questions posed. No problem in not getting back sooner, to be honest there are a few emails that I ought to return but simply can't find it in me to respond to some people--I wonder why that is? I am sorry to hear about not being able to get on with Puget Sound. However, I have a couple of questions for you, and let me know what you think First, do you want to trade or be in the finance world going forward or are you interested in other environs? Second, what are your thoughts on places just outside of Seattle, namely Tacoma? On another level, I will call a few people and see what I can come up with. Truth be told, I think that being a bit under the gun and not knowing what to do is difficult but good for you at the same time. I have a good feeling you will find something--I know that isn't very quantitative but I do believe something will come around. Here's another question, what ever happened to Gary Stadler? Ben and I had a good time, we went out a couple of nights and discussed the Enron debacle and where we both want to push on from. I, too, am trying to find something that interests me. Not sure what yet, but I am interested in getting back to my roots in the land of construction and building supplies. U is a good law school and one where even old Tom Foley attended amongst others. Does she realize though how small Spokane is compared to London and Houston? Either way, there are many flights each day between Spokane and Portland and Spokane and Seattle so if you end up somewhere in the Northwest you guys could see each other each weekend if need be. Don't hesitate to bother me about this and keep hounding as this might help me as well with a job too. Take care and think positive, I think you have made a splendid decision. Anyways, you can definitely give me a call tonight if you'd like. Ok, first the bad news. I can't come up President's weekend for the Whistler trip. Now the good news, I'm going to be in Seattle next weekend. I'm coming to have a 2nd round interview with Cascade Natural Gas whose headquarters is actually right around downtown - looks like maybe Belltown. Anyway, I fly in Thursday and don't leave until Monday. The interview will be Friday, much like my set-up last time. So, if you're going to be in town we definitely have to get together. I think I'm really going to look for housing on this trip. Maybe that will be the goal for Saturday. I wanted to touch base with you regarding accommodations. They last time I came to Seattle I used the following web-site and managed to get a very good deal on my hotel. In the past, I've stayed at both the Westin and Mayflower which seem to be in fairly central locations downtown. I wasn't sure if you would be making the reservations or if you would prefer that I handle that aspect. You can either email me back or call me at the office if you would like to discuss any of this in more detail. I just wanted to make sure you got my membership check last week. If you didn't, or if there's anything else I need to do, please let me know. You find out late this week that your suspicions were right on. You've known for some time that a particular person didn't have your best interests at heart, and this week's revelations confirm your suspicions. It may be time to take flight and move in a different, more fulfilling direction. You feel more sure-footed and in control of your private life by the end of the week, mainly because the uncertainty that has hung over you like shroud finally lifts. It's liberating knowing where you stand. A loved one may make a momentous choice, once Saturn and Mercury move direct. This could happen as early as this weekend, but may take longer. The point is that your life, circumstances, and opportunities are finally able to break from free the ice. Welcome change as the liberating thing it truly is. For some time, you've known things were not right -- and something had to give. Be very cautious about who you confide in. As you establish a new chapter in your life, play your cards very close to your vest.