which I believe puts me into Seoul Wednesday night and departing on a Sunday. You can either call or email if you have any questions for me. And, I'll decide where I'd like to go for the long weekend. I may pick two and just let you two decide the final destination. Susan Finally met Ashley Mace's man Saturday. It was strange to finally have a face to put with the image I'd conjured up. Ciao Just wondering why my ice cream and bean burritos were in the frig instead of the freezer last night you come up with some new storage methods? I won't make the full check out now if you want to split. Sue Becca, I am sooooo sorry I'm not going to be able to make the party. Please give everyone my best and tell Jen I would have done everything within my power to embarass her. Korea visiting my brother and sister-in-law, so I do have a legitimate excuse. This, from a Canadian newspaper, no less, is worth sharing. Widespread but only partial news coverage was given recently to a remarkable editorial broadcast from Toronto by Gordon Sinclair, a Canadian television commentator. "This Canadian thinks it is time to speak up for the Americans as the most generous and possibly the least appreciated people on all the earth. Germany, Japan and, to a lesser extent, Britain and Italy were lifted out of the debris of war by the Americans who poured in billions of dollars and forgave other billions in debts. None of these countries is today paying even the interest on its remaining debts to the United States. When France was in danger of collapsing in 1956, it was the Americans who propped it up, and their reward was to be insulted and swindled on the streets of Paris. When earthquakes hit distant cities, it is the United States that hurries in to help. This spring, 59 American communities were flattened by tornadoes. The Marshall Plan and the Truman Policy pumped billions of dollars into discouraged countries. Now newspapers in those countries are writing about the decadent, warmongering Americans. I'd like to see just one of those countries that is gloating over the erosion of the United States dollar build its own airplane. Why do all the International lines except Russia fly American Planes? Why does no other land on earth even consider putting a man or woman on the moon? You talk about Japanese technocracy, and you get radios. You talk about German technocracy, and you get automobiles. You talk about American technocracy, and you find men on the moon - not once, but several times and safely home again. You talk about scandals, and the Americans put theirs right in the store window for everybody to look at. Even their draft-dodgers are not pursued and hounded. They are here on our streets, and most of them, unless they are breaking Canadian laws, are getting American dollars from ma and pa at home to spend here. When the railways of France, Germany and India were breaking down through age, it was the Americans who rebuilt them. When the Pennsylvania Railroad and the New York Central went broke, nobody loaned them an old caboose. I can name you 5000 times when the Americans raced to the help of other people in trouble. Can you name me even one time when someone else raced to the Americans in trouble? I don't think there was outside help even during the San Francisco earthquake. Our neighbors have faced it alone, and I'm one Canadian who is tired of hearing them get kicked around. They will come out of this thing with their flag high. And when they do, they are entitled to thumb their nose at the lands that are gloating over their present troubles. This is one of the best editorials that I have ever read regarding the United States. I only wish that the rest of the world would realize it. We are always blamed for everything, and never even get a thank you for the things we do. Maybe each of you can send this to at least one person and they might send it to one of their friends until this letter is sent to every person on the web. I am just a single American that has read this. If I'm not mistaken you're actually in Australia right now doing all kinds of fun and active things, so you probably won't get this for a few days. I can't tell you how glad I am that you've had a chance to take advantage of all the travel possibilities on that side of the world and not just a little jealous. I think all of these experiences are going to leave you with some incredible memories of your time in South Korea. As for myself, this weekend will mark only the second in the last month and a half or so that I will be spending in Houston. I figured by now I'd be traveled out but I can't get enough. we ate at great restaurants not Bed unfortunately, but I did see it , got to go scuba diving off the east end and swam with a slew of stingrays.