I haven't actually purchased the ticket yet, so if you want to get back to me to suggest anything else for some reason please don't hesitate. However, if I haven't heard from you in the next hour or so I'll probably assume that the times are okay and just go ahead with the purchase. I don't know if this will get to you, but I'm on the fourth floor right now. Was wondering if you'd like a ride home this evening. Also, if Janie would like one she's more than welcome to join. Hey Chance, I'm going to be working on west curve validation. Let me know if this is the correct email address. Scott Hi Pete, Would you mind shooting me back an email to let me know if I have the right address. Brad McKay had actually given me your new work number, but unfortunately you were off the desk when I tried to call a few minutes ago. Hi Chris, I just wanted to follow up with you and see if you had a chance to look over my resume. I realize I may not be exactly the candidate you had in mind when you first spoke with Larry, but I would very much appreciate the opportunity to speak with you and discuss any opportunities you may have available at this point. As Larry can attest to, I've had responsibilities at Enron that span from back office to trading. To that extent, I believe I could prove to be a valuable asset within any organization. Just wanted to check and see how you're doing these days. I was offered a job with Cascade Natural Gas in Seattle this past week. The salary is okay and the location is, of course, desirable but I'm just not completely sure about the job. They wanted an answer today, but I played hard-ball and told them I had to have more time so silly, but it's very hard for me to do. In the meantime, I'm exploring every contact I can come up with. Anyways, you never got back to me and gave me any sort of idea about what your plans are post-school. I'm very curious to know what you're thinking on that front. I just checked some of the air fare sights and there are flights available for around what I paid for mine not sure what i'm going to do regarding the roomie. Let me know if you come up with anything. Could you shoot me an email when you get a chance. I was hoping to ask you a few questions about the west curves that Keith Holst was in charge of collecting. Marion, I apologize for not returning your call last night. I was out to dinner when you rang and by the time I returned home it seemed too late to call back. You should be able to reach me today without any problems. If you would like, you could also just shoot me an email with a time you would prefer to talk and I could phone you. Question for you which section of Queen Anne did we think seemed better? And which side of Queen Anne Ave would i want to be on I can't remember any of this stuff. Hi Pattie, I just wanted to make sure that you had a chance to speak with Justin Fernandez. I thought of him when you mentioned possible candidates for the other open position as he was with our scheduling group and is, I believe, from that area of the country. If you haven't had the opportunity to establish contact with him please let me know and I will be sure to get each of you the other's contact information. Hope all is going well with you and I'll talk to you soon. Drop me a line and let me know when you think you'll be getting in on Friday. Also, did you have any interest in doing something Friday or Saturday night? Hi Sharon, I just wanted to make sure that you had received the email regarding my availability for the week of March 4th. If you did not, please let me know and I will resend the relevant information. I don't have a phone near me to call you on, we need to go over these curves. Looks like this visit to Seattle is going to be a quick trip this time. I fly in Sunday yes, this Sunday and fly back out after my interview on Monday. Maybe we could grab dinner Sunday night. Just wanted to let you know that I'm flying in Sunday evening for an interview on Monday. Bonnie and I are talking about going out to dinner, nothing big, and were wondering if you might have any interest. Let me know your thoughts and if I don't here back from you via email I'll just try giving you a buzz this weekend. In an effort to make sure that I am adequately prepared for my interview, I wanted to touch base with you and confirm that I possess all the necessary information and forms. Last week I received the packet you had mailed containing the application form and company information. Also, I have confirmed my flights, hotel arrangements and the directions to your facilities with Sharon Roberts. I assume all the information needed prior to my arrival is already in my possession, if you know of any additional information I may need please let me know. The last area of interest I am hoping to address is the actual interview schedule. If it is possible at this point in time, I would appreciate the chance to preview the individuals with whom I will be meeting.