We would like to schedule a meeting to discuss the materials we will need for this review. Will you advise me of your availability in the next few days so that we can schedule a meeting? Diane, I realize we will have to work around the one hour time difference between Houston and Calgary. I have prepared the separate phone list for each bidder room and am going to place five copies of each on the tables by the boxes in each room. Let either Genia FitzGerald x36389 or me x33907 know if you need anything. We will have our assistants bring coffee, etc., so if you will let us know when the groups arrive at the data room, we will take care of that. No special handling requirements Copies will be distributed. Please let us know if you have any questions or need anything else. Just a reminder not to use the form Master Netting Agreement that was attached to the e-mail notification sent yesterday. You will be receiving a new form later today. being the surviving entity. You both worked on these files. Are you all okay with this merger from the credit side? Marie Please be advised that Jay Williams will be our credit contact for all master netting agreement credit terms. Jay will also provide us with all counterparty names and maintain the list of agreements. Let me know when you have a second and we'll put it or attempt to in your contact file. We are coordinating a project regarding the preparation of various master netting agreements. This is a very time sensitive project and we are trying to solicit as much help as we can. Let me know if you have any questions or need anything else. If at all possible, can you provide us with the names of all related entities and contracts for those counterparties we gave you awhile ago as soon as possible so that we can begin pulling contracts? Attached is the current list of master netting agreement assignments. We will circulate a revised list periodically. We are working on a time sensitive project and ask that you assist us in determining the names of various Enron entities by doing an historical analysis or whatever means you use. Enron Gas Processing Company Enron Gas Marketing Canada Enron Oil Canada Ltd. Enron Oil Corporation Are these prior names of current Enron entities, are they existing entities, etc.? Please call me if you need any additional info or if my request is confusing. Per Leslie's request, I am attaching our form Master Netting, Setoff and Security Agreement and Collateral Annex. Please add the referenced counterparty for your conflicts check. Can you do an historical analysis for Enron Marketing Services Inc. Marie Attached is the Annex B for the referenced counterparty. Let me know if you have any questions or need anything else. Marie Per Ed Sacks' request, I am attaching a copy of our form Master Netting, Setoff and Security Agreement and Collateral Annex. Marie Pursuant to your request, I am attaching our form Master Netting, Setoff and Security Agreement and Collateral Annex. Attached for your assistance in ordering lien searches is a list I have prepared noting the various entities we think will be parties to the various master netting agreements. I'll let you know if any or added or deleted. Marie In order for Cadwalader to be in a position to order lien searches, please e-mail Lech Kalembka Lech. the initial draft of your Master Netting Agreement s. When your agreement is finalized, please e-mail Lech a copy of the final draft so that he can prepare the financing statement filings. It's incredibly busy here--entering into numerous master netting agreements.