Yes, this should be a purchase, and I've changed it. Could you check to see if this should be a purchase? Thanks, Melissa Prebon is right on this. Can you check with Chris Mallory because when I checked out with Prebon we confirmed the megawatts as 25mw on these deals. Let me know if it shows up in your report. Les So didya hear the Blazers creamed the Nuggets last night? I always knew the Pacific Northwest would dominate in sports - they're not battling with that ol' Rocky Mountain High if ya know what I mean. Well I'm sorry I didn't get back to you yesterday - work was hectic and I knew that if I started an e-mail to you it would either be half-assed or I'd never finish it. Well, I'm going for the former now, because I realized there would never be a good time to divulge the full and sordid details of what's happening around here, and all the while I wait, more and more important nuggets get it! So it's quite appropriate that you wrote yesterday with roommate issues - mine could not be worse. Amber took off for the "library" on Thursday night and came home four days later. After Molly and I had a mild freak-out session on Friday - which included calling everybody she's every known, including Chris and the police - we heard through the grapevine that Marky McCulloch, of Neidermeyer cousin fame, was in town from none other than Denver and the two were having a secret and James-Bond-like rendezvous at the beach. So many things were wrong and bizarre about that, but none more than her attitude when she walked in the door Monday afternoon. Let's just say I spared no lung muscles in telling her exactly what I thought about her selfish, childish, idiotic, and most importantly, psychotically self-important behavior. Not only did she not want to lie - how sweet - but she couldn't have told us because Molly and I have suddenly developed an insatiable urge to spread fervent and widespread rumors about Amber's love trysts. She and I have reached an understanding that just because we're roommates does not mean we have to be friends. In other news, we had an amazing housewarming party. I really wish you could have been there. Molly and I didn't know 90 percent of the people there, which is a good thing because it meant they were all interesting, successful, gracious and cute. I think there were about four girls there - you could tell who planned the party. Sadly, no love connections were made that evening, but I've decided that's my new M. My friend Michael from Maui who now lives in Seattle came down with his friend Jordan who happens to be hot and writing an article for Food Wine magazine. Very interesting guy, but potentially in the closet, so I'm keeping my distance. But they invited me up to Seattle next weekend for a five-course meal and 100 bottles of wine at some Microsoft dude's mansion. Should I wear my dirty jeans or my clean jeans? I've got my eye on flights to Denver, but right now it's looking like the end of March before I can scrape up that kind of cash. Amber on the other hand will be there five times before that because some psycho over there keeps buying her tickets. Okay, that's all I can do for now, but call me tonight and we'll do the rumor mill justice. Take care and hang in there - we'll be booting a roommate soon if you feel like coming back to Portland. I'm just sending the sheets that are saved in our system. Bill Williams told me he cleared everything up on the Real Time side yesterday, but if the volumes in these documents still look wrong, please let me know. I'd like to inquire about the Dow Jones index price database currently being maintained by the Fundamentals group. It's come to my attention - by virtue of the fact that I receive the Dow Jones data each afternoon - that several people are interested in having access to those figures. Cara Semperger, in particular, relies on the index prices in order to run one of her reports. I'm wondering if it would be possible to give these people access to your database, or maybe if your group would benefit from the data I receive. Your spreadsheet looks like a compilation of the documents I receive from Dow Jones, and one might be more useful for an individual or group than the other. I don't have a preference either way - I'm more than happy to compile the reports in a separate folder. Please let me know what works best for you. I sit in the middle of the room between Tracy Ngo and Val Sabo. I've attached last night's report for you to look over - if this looks like something you'd like to receive, let me know and I'll add you to the mailing list. And in regard to the dow jones file, I've just finished entering deals for Friday and Saturday, so my afternoon will be devoted to creating that. Do you track total new deal volume for each day? I am running a sales volume report, and am looking for a number to compare it to. I'm sorry - I have no idea who Christer is - I'm assuming Chris Foster?