I guess my question is - What is this plan called? And if I enroll in it myself online, will I be doubling up on something Enron has already done for me? If this is not the retirement plan, what is? I'm sorry to ask so many trivial questions. I just want to make sure I've taken advantage of all the programs and not neglected opportunities because I thought they were automatically given to me. You are automatically enrolled in the cash balance plan - you would be eligible to participate for the year 2000. Going forward, at the end of each year, Enron will set aside 5 of your salary into an account Enron directs these funds. This account has a 5 year vesting period meaning that you must stay with the company for 5 years to be eligible to receive these funds when you leave. 401K I'd like to enroll in the Enron Savings Plan program however, when I was navigating through the savings plan website, I started wondering if the retirement plan and the self-directed brokerage account are the same thing. I think you probably have some information regarding these plans. Could I borrow that later this afternoon, or even better, sit down with you for a minute to clarify which plans I am eligible to enroll in and when? Kate I'd like to enroll in the Enron Savings Plan program however, when I was navigating through the savings plan website, I started wondering if the retirement plan and the self-directed brokerage account are the same thing. I think you probably have some information regarding these plans. Could I borrow that later this afternoon, or even better, sit down with you for a minute to clarify which plans I am eligible to enroll in and when? Mike Driscoll says he had already changed the deal, but must not have saved it. deal 495175 Put Option for February with El Paso Prebon just sent over the confirmation for this deal and they show 50 mw and we show 25 mw. Mike Swerzbin traded this deal January 11 My oh my - it's a rare occasion when I am greeted by such entertaining e-mails in the morning. Thanks for dropping the note, even if it was just a covert ploy to get me to deprive your enemies of their electricity. And by the way, if I could do that, you can bet we would have already had rolling black-outs in strategically placed Portland neighborhoods. It was very interesting, although it did lose me for awhile in the middle. But study up and make us all proud. Tell all your roomies I said hi, and study or pay the price later. The invention of the french fry would result in an increased demand for potatoes - that is, the demand curve for potatoes would shift outward. This would result in an increase in price, and a corresponding increase in supply. The statement is wrong in assuming that increased supply equals a lower price. The value of one bottle of beer to me between points A and B is 8 bottles of soda. I am therefore indifferent between bundles A and B, because they both allow me the same frequency of use and same level of satisfaction. Bundle E must include about 216 bottles of soda in order to make me indifferent between it and bundle D. This follows from the logic that, when I have 100 bottles of soda, it would take about 8 more to make me give up one bottle of beer in the bundle. Firstly, this legislation produces a disincentive for parents to travel with children on an airplane because it increases the already high costs associated with flying. Add to this the somewhat more relaxed rules of the highway, and you might find more families taking road trips on their next vacation. This is a potential secondary effect of the legislation which could actually increase injuries and fatalities - secondary because it would not be directly associated with injuries caused in airplane crashes, but because it would incent people to find other, possibly more dangerous, modes of transportation. Auto safety legislation puts constraints on auto makers to make cars as safe as possible while still maintaining a profit. It also narrows consumers' choice sets when buying a new car. A person buying a car in a country with no auto safety legislation might make auto safety a priority in their decision. In a country indoctrinated by Nader's book, the choice between whether to buy a safe or unsafe car is taken away - all cars are made equally safe. Because of this, car-buyers have less incentive to drive safely and more leeway to choose their car for other reasons. Soon, safety in a car becomes a moot point and the car buyer is only concerned with a good price or other incentives. Auto accidents increase because there is no longer an incentive to drive safely - legislation has made cars, in consumers' minds, indestructible. If cars are indestructible, so then are the people in them.