The charges and accusations were especially painful to Bell's Scottish integrity, but the outcome of all the litigation, which persisted throughout the life of his patents, was that Bell's claims were upheld as the first to conceive and apply the undulatory current. In 1877 Bell married Mabel Hubbard, 10 years his junior. The Bell story does not end with the invention of the telephone indeed, in many ways it was a beginning. , Bell continued his experiments in communication, which culminated in the invention of the photophone--transmission of sound on a beam of light in medical research and in techniques for teaching speech to the deaf. Employing an engraving stylus, controllable speeds, and wax cylinders and disks, the Graphophone presented a practical approach to sound recording. Helen Keller, participated in the ground-breaking ceremonies for the new Volta Bureau building--today an international information centre relating to the oral education of the deaf. There, in surroundings reminiscent of his early years in Scotland, he established a summer home, Beinn Bhreagh, complete with research laboratories. In 1898 Bell succeeded his father-in-law as president of the National Geographic Society. Convinced that geography could be taught through pictures, he sought to promote an understanding of life in distant lands in an age when travel was limited to a privileged few. Again he found the proper hands, Gilbert Grosvenor, his future son-in-law, who transformed a modest pamphlet into a unique educational journal reaching millions throughout the world. As interest in the possibility of flight increased after the turn of the century, he experimented with giant man-carrying kites. Characteristically, Bell again found a group of four willing young enthusiasts to execute his theories. Always an inspiration, Mabel Hubbard Bell, wishing to maintain the stimulating influence of the group, soon founded the Aerial Experiment Association, the first research organization established and endowed by a woman. At Beinn Bhreagh, Bell entered new subjects of investigation, such as sonar detection, solar distillation, the tetrahedron as a structural unit, and hydrofoil craft, one of which weighed more than 10,000 pounds and attained a speed record of 70 miles per hour in 1919. Apart from his lifelong association with the cause of the deaf, Bell never lingered on one project. His research interests centred on basic principles rather than on refinements. The most cursory examination of his many notebooks shows marginal memos and jottings, often totally unrelated to the subject at hand--reminders of questions and ideas he wanted to investigate. It was impossible for him to carry each of his creative ideas through to a practical end. Many of his conceptions are only today seeing fruition indeed, some undoubtedly have yet to be developed. The range of his inventive genius is represented only in part by the 18 patents granted in his name alone and the 12 he shared with his collaborators. These included 14 for the telephone and telegraph, 4 for the photophone, 1 for the phonograph, 5 for aerial vehicles, 4 for hydroairplanes, and 2 for a selenium cell. I sent a copy of the agreement to Melissa Murphy via fax. I'll need to get ahold of Chris Foster, who is in your Houston office at the moment, to locate the original. He won't be back in the Portland office until Monday morning. Just let me know - we'll get it to you as soon as we can. that I need to send Rhonda new counterparty information in order to get their names added to the system. I called Rhonda, but it turns out she's out of the office for the first part of this week, and her voice mail referred me to Melissa. That's a short explanation of why I'm sending this info. I also have a copy of the Master Power Purchase and Sale Agreement if you'd like me to fax that over. I'm sure I'll be back there soon to ask for another map! Kate What better time to start thinking about the winter holidays than on Halloween? Just a reminder that our happy little office will be hosting a Holiday Party Benefit Auction on Saturday, Dec. We hope that everyone will be able to attend, which is why we're reminding you while the smell of pumpkin-insides and candy corn is still fresh in the air. We will be holding a benefit raffle and auction again this year, and all proceeds will once again be matched by Enron Corp. Donations will be divided between Portland's Raphael House, a shelter for battered women and their children, and the Court-Appointed Special Advocates, a group that assists foster children and at-risk youth throughout the court process. But who said charity couldn't be a hoot?