Thanks for the explanation. I agree, though I may not have explained the context adequately to Ken. Barton Bill You seemed troubled by the call to Barton. This bill may or may not be subsumed by the comprehensive energy bill that Congress undertakes this summer. Both bills have a very difficult, if not nearly impossible, path ahead given that the Democrats are in no mood for compromise. a repair relationships and with the Wall Street Journal calling Barton about his troubled past with Enron, repair is needed b proclaim victory, even of a limited nature something I think Enron has not done much of c build a further bond with Barton so we would have more input at full Committee something we will need given the chances that this will go off the track are real and d allow Enron to get significant credit for the defeat of price caps. Numerous folks at the markup noted in private conversations that this was Enron's first real role in the Committee. Thus, even though this is a very limited bill, the call made sense. I do not think that this means we should call the White House to push the bill with them. The bill itself still has lots of obstacles and many potential threats ahead. I believe the registration deadline for the Nov 7 election has passed. I'll ask Eliz to forward the registration materials to you so you can be ready for the next election. Also, if you were registered in Harris County before you may still be on the rolls at your old precinct. My wife and I have been out of the country and have not registered to vote nor do we have absentee ballots to vote. Avoid the crunch on election day by voting early! htm I am very interested in pursuing this and I believe Enron presents an ideal case study for the purposes you outlined. I am copying Christie Patrick on this message and asking her to coordinate this for us. Christie has worked on other case studies and will be very helpful in navigating Enron for you. Possible Harvard Business School event Steve, Wanted to thank you again for reviewing the strategy as simple rules article. It is forthcoming in the next Harvard Business Review and will send you some reprints once the magazine hits the newsstands. Also wanted to gauge your interest in a possible even at the Harvard Business School in April 2001. As part of the course, we will feature an entrepreneurial company as the capstone class in the course. The session was a huge success--the highest rated class in our course and had a lasting impact on how our students think about entrepeneurship. We were wondering whether you and your colleagues might be interested in being our featured company this year. If you decided to proceed, we would first write a case study focused on the process of creating new ventures within Enron. an overview of the Enron corporation, an in-depth description of one or two ventures successfully formed in the past, and a profile of someone currently attempting to start a new venture within Enron. In preparing the case, we would draw heavily on existing case studies, articles, and book chapters profiling Enron to avoid duplicating effort. We would then supplement our desk research by interviewing approximately 15-20 Enron employees, including top management team members especially Ken Lay and Jeff Skilling , some folks involved in past ventures, and the people currently attempting to start a new venture. Each interview would take approximately 60 minutes. We could probably complete the bulk of the interviews in a two to three day visit to Enron, supplemented by telephone interviews. The ideal timing for these interviews from our perspective would be the last week of November or the first few weeks of December. We would then return to Boston, write a draft of the case and then submit that to you for review and clearance in January. We could then make any last minute changes before distributing the case to the students for the April discussion. The ideal date would be the 27th of April, but we could schedule the Enron day the 23rd, 24th or 25th if the 27th were impossible for you. Last year Intuit sent along six folks--some junior, some senior--each of whom sat in at least one of our class discussions. We would like to follow the same format this year, so it would be super if either Jeff or Ken or in the best of all worlds, both! We would shoot for roughly similar timing this year. Many of our students equate entrepreneurship with start-ups, and this day is designed to show them that it is possible although extremely difficult for large companies to be entrepreneurial. As such, you and your colleagues would be providing an invaluable service to our students, and we would be deeply grateful for your contribution. The event might also have some direct benefits to Enron in terms of increased profile among our students.