You and I have shared some thoughts on these subjects. Properly managed, these are potent tools in the strategic mix that would help keep Enron innovative. I know that no concrete plans have yet emerged from your deliberations but I can foresee when you might want someone to lead this effort full time. It is eminently sensible to move towards consolidation in both areas. Among the several benefits, a common infrastructure would sharply reduce both development and maintenance costs. Also, we would eliminate duplications and give coherence to the look and feel of websites that would emphasize corporate branding. Nevertheless, I see a tremendous potential in this role and very much would like to be considered a prime candidate for the lead position in this effort. Everything I have done here at Enron has richly prepared me for this position. My relationship with business units has given me a unique education. I have developed information value chain, built and managed three websites in three different operating companies. At all times my products were considered benchmarks. In addition, I shall be able to manage potential political problems that are likely to attend any consolidation. I should be grateful if you would think about this. I enjoyed it too and would be happy to do it again. Thank you for taking time out of your schedule to speak at Rice Steven, Thank you for visiting with my class at Rice last night. They thoroughly enjoyed your talk -- after you left for the evening, we had a good discussion on topics that you had raised. My apologies again for the room mix up somehow between myself, the university, and my secretary, the classroom assignment changed several times and the update did not get to you. Next year, if your schedule permits, perhaps you would consider a return engagement. I would certainly enjoy having you back. My Conversation with Jeff Skilling Steve, I mentioned to you late on Friday that Jeff asked me to get up to speed on a troubled project in China. As I mentioned at the executive committee meeting, we have a number of people who either have expressed interest in serving on the transition team or who I would like to approach to serve on the transition team for Bush. We believe that a call from you to Cheney may be required. David will be returning from his honeymoon on Dec 4 and has expressed a strong interest in serving on the Bush team. Woody would like to work on environmental and water issues and has been in touch with Bush campaign folks in both California and Florida. He would appreciate a call on his behalf to Cheney. Amanda is aware of his interest and is amenable to his service. He is one of the most creative and talented people in my organization. He is familiar with state and federal energy regulation as well as the state and federal policy makers who have played an active role in deregulation efforts. He would be great to have on a vetting team for commission nominees. I have talked to Jim and he is interested. We can make another 4 people available from the government affairs organization with qualifications in energy, communications and market regulation. The question is more a matter of how many Enron people they would like to have. I need to meet with McKinsey while I'm in town on Monday. Please set up with Suzanne Nimocks' office. Also, my return should be first thing Tuesday morning I think we had discussed Monday night originally. Just get me on the first available flight to Roswell. Also, I didn't mean to put you in a difficult spot with Melissa. I had tried getting hold of her last night but only got the answering machine. Don't worry about tellling her my travel schedule. If I haven't told her first, I'll deal with the consequences I've logged "couch time" before plus I'm usually pretty good about keeping her up to date. plane flight from Roswell to Houston only takes a little over an hour. Do you want to leave a little later since the flight doesn't take very long? I think this is something we should consider. Steve - As you may know, Murray Weidenbaum, former Chair of the Council of Economic Advisors, and Professor of Economics at Washington University in St. Louis will be the Ken Lay Vinson Elkins Visiting Scholar at the Jones School for the period January to May 2001. As he is on sabbatical from Washington University, he will have no teaching requirements of us but has offered to give some talks around and about for us. Since Ken Lay once worked for Murray when Murray was Assistant Secretary of the Treasury, I wondered if Enron might be interested in jointly sponsoring a breakfast or luncheon talk by Murray sometime after the first of the year. He is giving a major address to the Detroit Economic Club in Janurary and I suspect that he will have the basis for a great talk in Houston as well. In any event because of the title he will hold and because of our many joint ventures, I wanted to begin the process of finding a partner in this endeavor.