Scott thinks that it is volumetric, so there should be no impact on you. The wellhead desk will take this over as soon as their pools are set up on Col. Sincerely yours, Susan aka "the bitch" Thanks for your help, Jan. I'll have to inform him of our travel plans! We could arrive Sunday see Corcovado, P? ucar, Tijuca rainforrest, and a few outlying beaches. Then late Tuesday afternoon the 10th you and Renato could fly out for Foz. Depending on the flight schedules you may have to wait until early Wednesday morning the 11th. I think that Tuesday would be better so you're not feeling rushed, but we'll see what flight times are offered. Hang around the house on Friday, put your suitcases together and head back for Houston that evening. Too bad you're not able to spend more time here, but given what time you have I think you'll be seeing the two most interesting places in Brazil. All of the others, Amazon, Pantanal, Bahia all take so much travel time to get there that it's not even really worth the attempt to see them. If you do decide on Foz, don't mess with packing your coats, it'll be easier to borrow some of ours. The travel agent is looking at fares, etc. so I'll let you know what she finds. I was looking at the wrong week. Sorry, stress and sleep deprivation are my only excuses. I just heard about the Cataratas this morning from Scott Neal. That was the place he suggested and that sounds great. I'll work on Renato when he gets back in town. Glad to hear that you're interested in the Foz. I think it would be a great trip for you to take, although I'm confused about the dates of the 4th and 5th. Don't forget, the six of us will be in Ilha de Comandatuba for the week of June 30 til July 7th. If we stick to the original schedule we would all be getting into S? The driver would pick up you and Renato and you guys would arrive at the house a few hours before us. What could easily work is for all of us to go to Rio on Sunday the 8th, spend a few days there and then, you and Renato could fly directly to Foz from Rio and the kids and I would drive back to s? The hotel I would suggest at the Foz is the Cataratas. It's located within walking distance of the falls on the Brazil side and set inside the national reserve forrest with all kinds of walking trails. They might offer a service to get to the Argentina side of the falls, I'll check into that. If not you just take a taxi or car service. When we went we stayed at Mabu which had all of these thermal swimming pools, large grounds, pond etc.? Our kids liked the falls but after walking on one side of it had no interest for the other too much walking. It would be a nice get-away for the two of you I think. I'll check into flights and hotels today and let you know what I find out. I haven't heard much about Hotel Conial Igua? Let Renato know that just finished having a workout room built at the house. Also, he can enjoy some great running in front of the beach while you're in Rio --? Meet Coach Pulich's office, which is just next to the cafeteria. I checked the website for the hotels at Foz. I'll have to convince Renato to go you know, he might miss out on working out for one day. Did Alexia and Sebastien like it or was it too much walking? He went with his family when he was living in Argentina. Can you go ahead and check on flights and which hotel to stay at? The Hotel Colonial Iguacu e Spa looked like the nicer one on the internet.