Who is this masked man , I have no clue. However, I do witness Les from middle marketing doing his best Maurice Greene directly for the fire extinguisher of which he is the only one in the office that has a clue where it is. I see someone throwing a pitcher of egg yolk on the fire earlier, which is funny, if not for the fact that an old lady is missing half of her hair and her arms are about to blister up. The blaze is extinguished after taking a hell of a toll on th e old woman, ruining the flat screen tv that used to sit above me, and torc hing a bunch of cabinets and the backs of computer screens. The alarm in our building 3 World Trade Center is screaming, and the smoke is enough to m ake even Polarek leave the area. So, the fire departemnt comes and the old woman is now out of the building and on her way to the hospital. Who know s what condition she is in, but all I know is I hope I am never around a bunch of vaginas myself and the rest of us that did nothing when I go up in flames someday. Well, I have to get back to work because I have wasted abo ut 20 minutes writing this drama. Hope you liked the show last night. Incidentally I was standing directly in front of the old women picking out some green onions for my omelet when all hell broke loose. I took about three steps back and wandered towards the kitchen in se arch of a fire extinguisher. Didn't find one, and like Scott the intern was a bit disappointed in my reactions. I don't usually send out a group email, but listen to this shit. So I am sitting at work this morning minding my own business when all hell breaks loose. It is about 630am, and most of the trading has subsided for the morning. I decide to grab the first ham and cheese omelet from the women that a re serving our breakfast this morning because who knows how long the food will last. today is a special day because we get a fresh cooked breakfast from a propane grill as opposed to the green eggs and ham that we are used to because no one wants to get up at 3am and cook a fresh breakfast for Enron employees, they usually cook it the night before. So, everyone on the floor is very excited and pumped up about the possibility of grabbing a nice b reakfast without having the fear that later in the afternoon your ass would wreak havoc on you for eating the nasty green eggs. So, I grab the first omelet and the crowd surges toward the two 70 year-old women at the grill. Everyone is smiling, deciding whether or not they want ham or maybe they w ill get crazy and add salsa or something. this old woman is engulfed in flames like the great fire of Chicago. The propane tanks he ating the stove exploded and the flames are high and wide, raising up to ten feet in height. Everyone is frozen watching this old woman picture happy Gilmo re's grandma go up like an old Christmas tree. The old woman that went into flames is dire ctly in front of me, about a literal three feet away and I am directly faci ng the inferno along with a co-worker who is catching the blunt of the heat of the flames. I don't save the old woman like most of you might have thou ght, I can't do anything but shout obscenities and wonder who the hell is g oing to jump in there and save this poor lady. The old woman is yelling ," Somebody get me outta here! Who is this masked man , I have no clue. However, I do witness Les from middle marketing doing his best Maurice Greene directly for the fire extinguisher of which he is the only one in the office that has a clue where it is. I see someone throwing a pitcher of egg yolk on the fire earlier, which is funny, if not for the fact that an old lady is missing half of her hair and her arms are about to blister up. The blaze is extinguished after taking a hell of a toll on the old woman, ruining the flat screen tv that used to sit above me, and torching a bunch of cabinets and the backs of computer screens. The alarm in our building 3 World Trade Center is screaming, and the smoke is enough to make even Polarek leave the area. So, the fire departemnt comes and the old woman is now out of the building and on her way to the hospital. Who knows what condition she is in, but all I know is I hope I am never around a bunch of vaginas myself and the rest of us that did nothing when I go up in flames someday. Give me a call and let me know what is up. All congestion revenue was across Path 15. Your cell phone is not working or has been disconnected and I have no way to reach you. Please update me with your contact information as soon as possible. I just need to have the cost zeroed out as well as the revenue.