Templates have been submitted Day ahead. You can reach me on my cell phone if you need. A quick note regarding Pace transmission reservations on their oasis sites. My contention is that we may have reserved the transmission, but then attempted to remove it immediately wrong hour, wrong mw value on the submission etc. and were unable to, or were told by the dispatcher that the dispatcher would take care of it. There are two things we need to do to prevent this. Submit our transactions correctly the first time. Then withdraw them immediately through the Pacificorp Oasis system if there is a problem. Hopefully, this will prevent the extra charges, or give us a means to pull tapes and contest the charges. Thanks for your help in limiting these egregious expenses. It has been a while to say the least, but the other day Brendan and I were talking about college and your name came up oddly enough. I mentioned that I hadn't talked to you for over two years, and was curious what you were up to. Brendan said he might have your old email address, so I asked for it and figured I would drop you a note. Anyway I am still living in Portland but I am no longer practicing metallurgical engineering. I began trading power about a year and a half ago for Enron. I now manage the west hourly power trading group. The job is great, very challenging and everchanging, though I don't believe my company is too popular down your way right now you are in San Francisco, right? My job consumes my time, but I am still playing soccer and still riding that same loud red motorcycle around when I have a chance. I just bought my first home, its a condominium downtown next to the Portland Art Museum. The place is definitely small but has a lot of character. It was an old hotel, originally built in 1926, that has just been gutted and refurbished. It is about eight blocks from my office at the World Trade Center, so walking to work in the mornings is great. The city is still asleep and eerily quiet in the morning twilight when I walk to work. The walk helps wake me up and gets me prepared for the morning rush on the trading floor. So, if you have a chance drop me a line and let me know how you are. I'd love to hear from you and catch up a bit, as I often wonder what you are up to. Here are the remaining hourly traders. He notes that Enron management lacked an 'honor among thieves,' but predicts that Enron alumni will flourish. I suspect he is working on the Enron book right now. By Michael Lewis, the author of Liar's Poker'' and The New New Thing. No story can ever again be said to be too outrageous to be true. The boss, Kenneth Lay, was a friend of the current president of these United States, an adviser to his administration and one of his biggest financial backers. The company itself was rated strong buy'' by analysts at almost every Wall Street firm, considered a shining example of modern accounting by reputable accounting firms, and plugged endlessly by the business press. Six years running as Fortune's most innovative company! And all the while this same operation was, at the very top, a lie. Understandably, people long for some analogy to help them grasp this situation, but really there isn't a good one. Other than failed hedge fund Long-Term Capital Management, Michael Milken's junk bond department at Drexel Burnham Lambert offers the closest parallels on Wall Street, and several people have written to me over the past week to suggest it. But it really is unfair to Milken to compare him to Lay. Alumni Will Flourish True, in both cases profitable trading businesses collapsed because their creditors came to distrust the people who ran them. And in both cases the core business -- Drexel's junk bonds and Enron's energy trading -- remain viable in the hands of other companies that banks trust. Just as the Drexel junk bond traders who didn't go to jail went to other Wall Street firms and created replicas of their former business, former Enron traders will soon be making lots of money for one-time rivals such as Dynegy Inc. Well before Kenneth Lay emerges from his legal hell, the energy trading business will return to normal. But the morality of the cases are entirely different. Whatever you think of Milken's junk bond department -- and I think its sins were minor beside its achievements -- you must admit the people in it exhibited a certain honor among thieves. There was never a moment when Milken betrayed the broad interests of his traders for his own narrow ones.