We will be discussing new Ferc Rules, Dispute Management, Group Changes and Cuts. Please let me know immediately if you will be unable to attend. Thank you, Bill Nikki, Thanks for the note and I hope your doing well. You're right, sometimes introductions sound more like the presentation of a resume than a letter. I was able to close on my condo last weekend. It was a tremendous pain with a bit of the last minute run-around, but I finally got moved in on Friday night. I don't know about my neighbors yet as I am the only one moved in on my floor so far. The seller is still finishing the renovation of the place. My condo is about 8 blocks from my office downtown, so it was great to roll out of bed this morning and be able to walk to work. Like you, I am not sure what Brendan might have told you about me. I was born on the east coast Connecticut , moved around for a while, and eventually was towed out to southwest Washington by my parents. I went to highschool in Kelso this is where I met and then graduated with Brendan. Then went to college at University of Washington in Seattle. I received a degree in Metallurgical engineering and worked as an engineer in Portland for a year doing failure and corrosion analysis whoa! A bit less than 2 years ago I started working with Enron as a trader, trading hourly electricity in the West. I started out on shift, but now manage the group and get to work a more normal schedule usually 10-12 hours a day during the week. I enjoy the job a ton, the market changes nearly every day and it beats the hell out of staring at a scanning electron microscope for 4 hours at a pop. I've been in Portland for a few years now, so I should be able to provide a fairly good guide service around the town. Depending on when you get here and how things go, we'll have to see if we can get you outside the city to some of the Mountains and the Coast. Astoria is about 2 hours away and it's a pretty scenic drive out there especially if you're from New Mexico. If the weather's nice we might be able to check out some of the resevoirs and rivers around Mt. good swimming, hiking etc. It should be a blast. Have you gotten any closer to firming up when you will be in town? Besides, if you ever thought about moving here, you have to understand why its so green. It was good to hear from you, and if you have any questions you can give me a call. Kate, take a quick look at this would you? Going forward we will be transacting with Enron Canada Corp on an over-the- counter basis. We will provide them with a bid and an offer suitable for b uying from or selling to them non-firm energy. Enron Canada will contact u s each morning to inquire about possiblities for export and import. Enron Canada will be trying nea rly every hour to obtain non-firm transmission. I do not see a need for this and think there is potential for embarrassment and dama ge to customer relations. If we are in contact with Enron Canada before ha nd start of the day, top of the hour, etc. we should be able to get them the best price for their energy. Be very clear in your dealings with the N W counterparty that the energy is non-firm. Determine a book-out price if necessary to solve problems with physical flow. We are basically buying a put or a call. Finally, I would like to see the communication with Enron C anada improve. Personal experience and observation has us not communicatin g with them as closely as possible and typically only speaking with their r eal-time group at the bottom. This is counterproductive for both of us fo r obvious reasons. Providing a bid/offer and being prepared to act on it i s a change in our relationship with Enron Canada. This should force a rene wed emphasis on communication and market fundamentals that should only be beneficial. If you have questions or ideas regarding the relationship with Enron Canada please let me know. To be sent to John Zufferli equivalent of Tim B in Canada and Portland Shift Alan, I just want to pass on the two names I had mentioned previously to you. Both had worked for me for about 8-9 months. These are the only numbers I have for them as their cell phones have been canceled. Bill Anna, When you have a chance, I would like to pay you for the golf tournament and grab a receipt from you while I am at it. My impression is that the deadline is approaching and that this is something we need to get done today. Please let me know when you might be available or just grab me when you have a chance. Just wanted to congratulate you guys on the excellent work on the night of the 13th. The hard work is much appreciated, keep it up. Please be sure to put this in the service sheet. Thanks, Bill Chris, I attached a simple sheet outlining our basic process of decremental bidding.