I appreciate your hard work on tracking down this 108,000. The import was cut by 30 mws and 42 mws respectively. A purchase from the imbalance has been made. Harbor was going to run for 20 mws but could not. We told Harbor that we would take the charge for them. We put in a purchase of 20 mws from the imbalance in Enpower. Let me know when you have the time and I will go up with you to pull the tape. What are your expectations for retaining them? Of all our service customers these would be the only two I am truly concerned about getting back. I think we have seen significant revenue from both, more because of the information they provide then because of the fee structures. Please let me know if you have any questions, or if there is anything I can do to assist. The capacity payment should be at least 91. If you have questions, please let me know. When doing swaps please use the swap function in Enpower. Do not enter annuities anymore for financial deals. Swaps have caused disputes that have dragged on for months in the past, so call me with any questions. Lisa has made the tag and put the losses in the preschedule sheet. Kate has made the enpower for this deal 672781, and 672785. Two totally different issues for you. We extend this deal in scheduling and change the delivery points. We will talk more regarding this in our meeting next week. It is important to note that we need to remain within the bounds of professional behavior at all times. Enron has a zero tolerance policy regarding harassment language or behavior that offends or belittles others. It seems like I haven't seen you or Scott forever. The bankruptcy of Enron has been a bit rough, but I am optimistic that the auction on January 11th will see the trading portion of our business bought out by a credit-worthy entity. If we are bought out, we should be back up and running by early spring. Right now, I am just working on systems upgrades and trying to learn as much as I can so we are ready to rip when we have credit again. Portland has been fun the past couple weeks, there are a few new clubs and living downtown continues to be a blast. I enjoy being able to walk everywhere and being downtown has really aided the Christmas shopping. I haven't been up to Seattle in a long time but I need to get up there. I am thinking about coming up for New Year's. Anyway, hope you are doing well and are all ready for the holidays. Haven't heard from you in forever and unfortunately did not get a chance to respond to your last email. Just wanted to say hello and wish you a good Fourth of July! Enpower and the inc sheet do not reflect this change. Why would we receive a charge for a reduction in purchased energy ie. There is no indication of a reduction in volume on the other side of the trade sale to Sempra-Deal 509277. Please come see me when you have a chance. First, for deal 549162, this deal was originally put in incorrectly as counterparty TacomaSupp. This counterparty was then changed to Tacomapubuit. Why does a change in counterparty result in a loss of revenue? The appropriate price is in Enpower, but the revenue has never appeared Deal 590753. Remember, this deal was originally input as a buy at 320 and a sell at 30 and liquidated at these prices. What do we need to do to get this trued up? Please go to this site, then print the map out in color. We should continue our practice of not selling over the cap, however we can and should buy over the cap if necessary for the system reliability of our service customers.