I'm trying to get Whalley committed for an Associate Super Saturday. The recruiting season has officially begun. The first Super Saturday weeke nd is the weekend of October 27th and 28th. We have undergone a rigorous interview process on campus, which will allow us to focus on 01 selling 01 8 candidates that are invited to Houston for Super Saturday. Students will arrive on Friday afternoon and will depart on Sunday morning. We have activities planned for the entire weekend. The goal is to implement a Supe r Saturday process that allows for consistent and meaningful hiring decisions while also allowing the candidates exposure to a greater number of Enron employees. The dinners will be held at the same restaurant. We will provide transportation for all candidates. We will continue to hav e small tables of six individuals that will include two 2 Enron employees a nd four 4 students. There will be a group cocktail hour at the restaurant before the dinner. This will enable the Enron employees to meet and evalua te more students. It will also give the students broader exposure to Enron employees. Interviewers will receive their interview packages schedules and resumes at breakfast on Saturday morning. We have allowed time to review resumes before the interview process. To facilitate the completion of the evaluation form on each student, the interviewers will remain in an assigned interview room and the students wil l rotate. In prior years, the interviewers have interviewed eight 8 candidates. Interviewers will now interview only five 5 candidates. The remainder of the time will be spent in the decision-making meeting. It is essential that all interviewers attend the decision-making meeting and that all evaluation forms are completed and input prior to the meeting. Rather than asking the interviewers to return on Monday afternoon, we will hold the decision-making meeting on Saturday following the interviews and lunch. Dave Delainey will facilitate the October 28 meeting. Kevin Hannon, Jeff Shankman, John Lavorato, Rick Causey and Dan Leff will facilitate subsequent meetings. There has been a tremendous response to the call fo r dinner participants however, we are still in need of interviewers for each of the Super Saturdays. When selecting dates please avoid selecting to interview candidates who attend the schools for which you are a team member. We thank you in advance for your participation and support of the program. Jessica, Please confirm w/Rosie when the polycoms and lucent phones will arrive in the conference room for floor 27. I'll be sure to print your note out to Greg. I have a couple of Enron folks wanting to come tomorrow. Keynote feedback Greg, Your keynote address hit the nail on the head this morning it has already spawned constructive discussions and debates, such as what services will the core exchange s offer, what are secondary and tertiary strategies, and how will various companies in the value chain support and benefit from the exchanges. Tomorrow and Thursday's presentations will address many of your points more fully. Thank you very much for taking the time to drive out. I realize how difficult carving a morning from your schedule can be. However, the industry benefited from your insights. I emailed you a couple of days ago asking for the Tail for the plane the Whalley's will be returning on Sunday. Could you please furnish me with this information. As soon as you get a chance could you complete it and return to me via fax. I need this prior to the trip departing this week. I'm arranging for a car to collect Greg Mary Whalley on Sunday, Oct. As soon as you get a chance could you complete it and return to me via fax. I need this prior to the trip departing this week. I faxed it this morning. As soon as you get a chance could you complete it and return to me via fax. I need this prior to the trip departing this week. You didn't include the form in your email below. Credit Card Form I faxed this to Mr. Whalley last wee