Unfortunately, Greg nor Mike are able to attend. Thanks for giving some additional thought to sending an Enron representative to Chase H Q's Energy and the New Economy conference. Anyway, you had asked about other presenters and format. The format will be a panel dicussion during which each company will give a 10 - 15 minute business overview probably in a powerpoint format with books for audience members to take away. Following the formal presentations there will be questions both from the floor and from the moderator to be addressed by all panel members. Assuming that EnronOnline is able to participate on the Energy Exchange panel the moderator will be yours truly -- so I'll be serving up some softballs for Mike. John Ireland We are expecting good attendance from industry both incumbants as well as new economy types as well as from the buyside. So far there are over 100 participants and I expect we see a number of additional confirmations between now and the conference. Logistically, Mike would need to fly to San Francisco on Wed Sept 20 -- we will work with him on transport up to Silverado Resort in Napa Valley. The panel will be first thing on Thursday Spet 21 probably around 9 am after which Mike will be free to attend other conference sessions, play golf, tour wineries or whatever. Distributed Generation Communications B2B Investor Perspectives Energy Exchanges Energy Retail Venture Stage European New Energy Allan, Please remove Greg Whalley from this distribution list. Assist Greg, I will be in Houston for a few days the week of the 11th of September. I would appreciate your help as a career guidance counselor. I would like - 30mins of your time on the afternoon of the 12th or the morning of the 13th of Sept. If this works for you, have Liz contact me to set something up. First, thank you for being so helpful with me on the phone. Below is the information you requested for the Whalley home fax machine. I would love to meet w/you to discuss an updated fax machine for Greg's at home office. The machine is jamming and eating paper. Currently, Net Works is only at 57 participation. Listed below are employees in your department who have not gone online to make their pledge. I'm asking you to personally all each of them today, and encourage them to make their pledge. If any names listed below are not with your department, please notify Liz 31935. Should they have problems getting online, please give Liz a call. Your group is listed with Net Works' United Way campaign. We started yesterday with our telephone and personal visit campaign. Liz has listed below the employees, she believes, belong to your organization. These are the names of those employees who have not gone online to make their pledge. Please have your Assistant verify this list. If they are indeed your employees, I'm asking you to personally call them and ask them to go online and make their pledge. If any of the names listed below are not with your group, please have your assistant notify Liz. Should they experience difficulties getting online, please call Liz 31935. Greg Whalley's four diamond level Astros tickets, plus parking pass, are available for the games listed below. Please advise me, asap, if you have an interest.