Objectives for 2001 Hi Liz - Thanks for copying me on this message. Mike is in Venezuela and Jeff is on vacation. They should both be back in the office on Monday. Will you please relay this information to Greg. Yesterday evening I called and left a voicemail for Mike relaying this message. Greg is requesting Enron Global Markets' 2001 Goals Objectives no more than 3 to 4 each asap. I'll also check through his emails to see if you sent them already. The complete report is attached for your review. Group rebounds from over-sold position advancing 4 , leaders include Swift, Ocean, Mitchell, Louis Dreyfus and Canadian Natural. Despite weather related selling pressure on near month natural gas prices, the out months remain strong between 5. 5 companies reported increasing value by 29 on average, leaders include Pogo, Ocean and Pioneer. com The information contained herein is provided, at your request, for informational purposes only. We make no representation as to its accuracy or completeness. Further, it does not constitute an offer to buy or sell these securities. pdf Brad, Greg asked that I drop you a line to apologize for not getting back with you as of yet. Please look for a call from him on tomorrow, Friday, June 2. Interviews Hey Greg, I enjoyed interviewing with both you and Jim last week friday. I would like to talk to you some more about the opportunities available in Enron Networks. Two areas I thought would be interesting would either be helping to structure a market for Enron Networks to enter, or help develop a market that Enron Networks is in the process of entering. A couple of things that I thought were interesting about your strategy for B2B is that unlike most business plans where the strategy is build the site and the volume will come, Enron uses it's own volume to entice other people to participate. We addressed some of these issues in the ilogex business plan. I have attached a copy of the ilogex business plan to give you an idea of some of my thoughts on e-commerce. I look forward to talking to you tommorrow morning. Send instant messages get email alerts with Yahoo! doc Robert, I have on Greg's calendar the dates of Jan. This has probably changed and should be removed from Greg's calendar. For future correspondence, please also copy me on emails to Greg Whalley. I check emails more frequently than Greg. D'Arcy, please call me tomorrow morning to get on the calendar. It's best in the future to copy me on all emails to Whalley for a faster response. Mark/Greg, Please confirm your interest and availability to set aside 30 minutes, or so Dec 6, 7 or 8, for me in Houston this week. Enron's pricing, structuring and position-taking capability for South America etc.,. expected to be in place from the year 2000, at least in power in Brazil. Failure/Successes and immediate opportunities in the Enron Brazil and South America core gas, power and multiple commodity commercial effort s , including e-business/Networks issues.