Economics should scale well in tandem with the amount of committed and reinvested capital. In addition to this proposal, as discussed, we remain interested in exploring a separate effort focused on the area of lease securitization and would appreicate your guidance on how to proceed with initial conversations within Enron on this front. I look forward to speaking with both of you. Greg will be in the London office from early Tuesday afternoon through end-of-business day on Thursday, June 7. Wednesday there are a few slots available, and Thursday he is wide open. If you could e-mail me your availability that would be great. Whalley has available Diamond level seats 4 parking for the 2001 Astros' season. Greg would like to offer you usage of these tickets for customer relations and employee appreciation. Listed below are some of the amenities associated with the diamond club. Your parking pass enables you to park in the lot closest to Enron Field. A private dining room is located behind the field-side seating area. Special requests should be phoned in at least 3 hrs prior to game time. Am I outstanding an expense reimb. past due and I have my check from the trading floor. I was able to speak w/Greg this morning and I regret to inform you that he will not be able to join your class via video conference on April 3rd as we had previously hoped. Greg will have to leave Houston for some of our overseas offices beginning April 2nd for approx. I do apologize for the short notice, but these things tend to happen quickly, and with little or no notice. Please provide me with some possible future dates during the month of May and I will discuss them with Greg. We have a T1 line in our classroom and we can connect using two-way video so that you can see the class members and they can see you. I know that we can also arrange to put your power point slides on one screen and your face on another, if we wish to. At some point we'll get your technical people and our technical people to work out the details on the connection. We would want to verify soon that our systems are compatible. We can chat about how to use the 85 minutes we have. I was thinking that we ask the students to prepare the digital case, The Transformation of Enron 1986-2000, in which you appear in a few segments in living color, and you look great, I might add. In addition to the case, I would like to give the students additional new material accessible on the course web-site about Enron's new ventures in the online and electronic network world. We could use a little help from some of your people to get the best materials, I suspect. Or we can give you more or less of the time--let's talk about it. The strategy for new ebusinesses at Enron. Enron's strategic advantages and competitive positioning in the digital economy. Examples of laws of network economics in the digital world 4. Implementation of Enron's digital strategy. We need to prepare specific assignment questions for the students to prepare. Some of them could be taken from the introduction to the case, which we could supplement with additional questions from you or that we devise together. This will be a great experience for our students and for Venkat and I as well. And we are flexible about how much time you want to take and also about your specific topic. So please give me a call or email and we can settle on a plan. Thanks very much for your willingness to participate. Greg does not check his emails regularly.