The management team supports the offering of the Zenger-Miller course on Fo rward Thinking, please let me know if you are interested in attending by r esponding to this e-mail. The purpose of this course is to outline how an effective leader uses forward thinking to play an expanded, strategic role in the organization. Once I get a list of potential participants, I will put some dates and time s together. 20 Regards, Tammy Due to the flooding in Houston there will be no representative available to attend from Gas Control. Please add it between Mapco and Red Cedar points. Also please check to see if the Rio Puerco receipt and delivery are added into the totals of the Central Area. If they are in the total please exclude them. Rio Puerco should still be added into the total Transport Receipt and Delivery. Thanks Ds I spoke to the guys in the field last week when our deliveries went up and we made the decision to run the pigs. It was passed on to us that the fluids in the line were heavies that were in the gas streams possibly coming from the Bitter Lakes and Red Bluff points. This heavies are in the gas stream that is falling out and collecting in the pipe. I agree that we need to run pigs when we have the volumes. We in gas control will continue to work with the field to make that happen. If I have the wrong impression on what is happening I apologize. Pigging from P-2 to P-3 Randy, I agree we should continue to pig the line until the liquids have been cleared out then pig it on a regular basis. Their may be days that it just does not work on one side or the other but once the line is cleared out of liquids we should be able to find a day on a bi-weekly or monthly basis to make it happen. Also, I'm sure it probably has already been looked into but is there anything that can be done as to the location the condensate is coming from or could something be done at P-2 to catch it before it goes up the Panhandle lateral. Pigging from P-2 to P-3 Gary, we recently had to run a pig from P-2 to P-3 in order to push about 2200 barrels of condensate out of the line. We had started developing problems with some deliveries off that line. Apparently, in order to run a pig, some volume has to be routed to that line. The condensate and fluids tend to build up to the point that they carry over to a delivery point with Energas. This point feeds some domestic customers. We don't want condensate getting into this point. There is a customer on this line Owens-Corning who gets fuel from us. Their process is very sensitive to pressure and volume changes. At any given time, I am told that they have about a million dollars worth of material in production. If they lose fuel, the product is lost and we could be liable. I am also told that once the plant goes down, it could take a long time even weeks to get it back up. The Owens-Corning plant does not have an agreement with anyone for alternate fuel. When the line has large amounts of condensate, we have been asking Energas to supply the plant until the pig passes the point. This is in order to prevent a slug of liquid from affecting the fuel pressure. They used to have the contract, but when we got it, they removed their meter setting. Apparently they agreed verbally to supply gas to the plant in March, for a few hours, when a pig was run. The plant uses about 3 mmcf/d and Energas was on for about 3 hours. I was notified today that Energas sent us a bill for the March pig run when we used their gas for fuel 21,000! Obviously we will negotiate that amount, but they have us at a disadvantage. I can only assume that we will receive a similar bill for using them last weekend for about 3 hours.