And no one ever asked where the car keys were 'cause they were always in the car, in the ignition, and the doors were never locked. And you got in big trouble if you accidentally locked the doors at home, since no one ever had a key. Remember lying on your back on the grass with your friends and saying things like "That cloud looks like a. " And playing baseball with no adults to help kids with the rules of the game. Back then, baseball was not a psychological group learning experience-it was a game. Remember when stuff from the store came without safety caps and hermetic seals 'cause no one had yet tried to poison a perfect stranger. and share it with the children of the 80's and 90's So send this on to someone who can still remember Nancy Drew, The Hardy Boys, Laurel Hardy, Howdy Doody and The Peanut Gallery, The Lone Ranger, The Shadow Knows, Nellie Belle, Roy and Dale, Trigger and Buttermilk as well as the sound of a real mower on Saturday morning, and summers filled with bike rides, playing in cowboy land, baseball games, bowling and visits to the pool. When being sent to the principal's office was nothing compared to the fate that awaited a misbehaving student at home. Basically, we were in fear for our lives, but it wasn't because of drive by shootings,drugs, gangs,etc. Our parents and grandparents were a much bigger threat! But we all survived because their love was greater than the threat. Didn't that feel good, just to go back and say, Yeah, I remember that! According to the imbalance sheets we continue to over deliver to the two above mentioned I/C's. It has been brought to our attention that we had a problem on Aug. I was here on the 6th and know they almost ran themselves out of gas because they started pulling more than our setpoint and did not call to let us know. Citizens is trying to gather information on these days based on complaints from Griffith plant. This is to hopefully minimize the pressure swings to the plant. David if you have any other comments please respond with your ideas. This will make it transparent to our customers. I think with the volumes we will have to move to insure 6 miles and hour for the smart pig will be approx. If my thinking is wrong please let me know. We do not have alot of flexibility in juggling schedules based on smartpig tool availability, but we can sure check and see what shakes out. Plz let me know at the earliest possible date what the plans are here. 014527 Project will conflict with Station 8 Automation Project if conducted in September or later. Must review costs to determine if dollars are sufficient. Project should try to be a done in August or sooner if at all possible. Earl Chanley, Houston, 713 345-6816/ James Moore, Houston, 713 345-6815 You are correct looking at the models Ken Chow ran before he left was between 175 to 225 this will allow the pig to move approx. Concern - Possible Change In Smartpigging Dates Darrell, At Gallup last year it took about 250 mmcfd to run the pig 6 miles per hour. If my memory is bad someone let me know. If we can move that amount with 7 9 easily then there should be no problem. Concern - Possible Change In Smartpigging Dates Is there a reason we think we will need to run station 8. I think with the volumes we will have to move to insure 6 miles and hour for the smart pig will be approx. If my thinking is wrong please let me know.