Mom, hey what are you up to nothing much here man today i had to mow the lawn man its really hot down here is it really hot there i still dont have a sun tan yet but its getting there u know man i miss u so much and i mean hah i dought you miss me u are probably haveing to much fun to even think about me thats ok im haveing alot of fun here too man i cant wait till i come home i miss u so much umm i really dontknow what else to say so i mean i guess iwill talk to you l8er or sometin i have to go get ready to go to the mall and get somemore clothes and a new bathing suit and shorts and shoes so i will talk to you l8er love ya byebye 3 Kara Dave can you please add the new La Plata Red Cedar point to the map. Please add it between Mapco and Red Cedar points. Also please check to see if the Rio Puerco receipt and delivery are added into the totals of the Central Area. If they are in the total please exclude them. Rio Puerco should still be added into the total Transport Receipt and Delivery. Since we are scheduled at max capacity we may not be able to give you gas for imbalance, let's continue to talk on a daily basis and they can also work with gas control for this weekend. Since we are scheduled at max capacity we may not be able to give you gas for imbalance, let's continue to talk on a daily basis and they can also work with gas control for this weekend. Right now it looks like we can run station 9, station 7, station 6 or station 5. We will just have to see what we have scheduled for the day. Unless I'm missing something Station 8 should not be needed.  We don't need Station 8 and we can still stay with the schedule to run the smart pigs when 8 is down in September? You are correct looking at the models Ken Chow ran before he left was between 175 to 225 this will allow the pig to move approx. At Gallup last year it took about 250 mmcfd to run the pig 6 miles per hour. If my memory is bad someone let me know. If we can move that amount with 7 9 easily then there should be no problem. Is there a reason we think we will need to run station 8. I think with the volumes we will have to move to insure 6 miles and hour for the smart pig will be approx. If my thinking is wrong please let me know. We do not have alot of flexibility in juggling schedules based on smartpig tool availability, but we can sure check and see what shakes out. Plz let me know at the earliest possible date what the plans are here. 014527 Project will conflict with Station 8 Automation Project if conducted in September or later. Must review costs to determine if dollars are sufficient. Project should try to be a done in August or sooner if at all possible.