I'm sure Rich has some concerns also for the portion of the line in his region. We would like to run another pig as soon as possible to see what is left in the line and then depending on what we push into P-3 get on a regular schedule. What do you think we can do to work something out? Embedded StdOleLink Beginning today June 14, 2001 We need to operate the Interconnect points between Transwestern and Northern just like we do all others. We have orders everyday and we need to balance unless both pipes have agreed to work on the imbalances. When Transwestern or Northern get into operational constraints we need to work with all the Interconnect customers. We will need to be able to address them in the morning meeting. If you have any questions please feel free to ask. I will have the Field go out and take a look at the measurement. We need to set the point approximately 5000 short every day until further notice. 1305 West Jackson Lovington, New Mexico, 88260 Thanks for your thoughts and prayers. We do not need to let this keep growing. We need to keep the total order in balance. We may have to batch the El Paso volumes depending on the nominations. We will watch the noms this week to get a feel of where and how much they may vary. If this looks like it is going to be small volumes we may need to batch the gas and work with El Paso Controllers. If anyone has a question on this please call me and we can walk through it. The only time we should get the Citizens people involved with the I/C is if we have a problem with Primary switches or pressure problems. Please refer to the call out sheet on the Console for Citizens. Please don't hesitate to call if you need help. They plan to route some of the gas to the Maljamar plant. com Jeff Cochran Steve Coash Rodney Barnes Jesse Alvarado Jeff Moore Roy Armitage Margaret Hall Richard Barry Keith Braswell Helen Cummings Rob Munson Ed Welsh Rory Calhoun Ron Spain Gayle Henley Bart Monden Crandal Hardy Alan Muntz Larry Davis Steve January Darrell Schoolcraft Gary Spraggins As we go thru our reorganization this list may have to be changed. Hannigrif is fine with it, then I will be good. See you then. Oasis will be needing to reduce flows in the early morning hours on Tuesday for approximately 12 to 18 hrs. I will call Oasis on Monday morning to see if they can handle higher deliveries for the first part of the gas day. We need to Come home Lynda is About to break me. Gas Day September 23, 2001 Gallup Compressor Station will be doing run testing. Gas Day September 24, 2001 Gallup Compressor Station at full load. They were called yesterday and I spoke with Neal and let them know they were going short again after we cleaned up their current imbalance over last weekend and Monday. They were short for Wednesday's gas day. My conversation was with Neal that they make adjustments to their nominated volumes or turn on more gas. Maybe this is a good opportunity to discuss park and ride again.