You have done a very great job managing this issue to date and your efforts on that front are much appreciated. Our focus should return to growing the business and meeting our financial targets. would like you to stay involved through the Friday conference call that is scheduled. Jeff, can you spend a little time thinking about the current North American energy markets very high energy prices, stretched infrastructure, etc and determine which game changing or altering technologies, business models or existing corporate positions that will benefit from such price and volatility levels. Eric, I am on the road - I really don't have much to say. Thanks Delainey Eric, we need more than 2M saving to get this deal to clear the hurdle. Celeste, try and get him scheduled into the Super Saturday if possible so that the risk guys can take a look at him. If that can't be done then give me a call. Rob, I think we should renew the flame for the three year period. My understanding is that it is 75 K Cdn per year roughly. Not paid up-front and cancellable if Flames leave Calgary or disappear. I want a view from you guys of what is the prudent carry value for Mariner assuming current gas prices and the reserve increases assumed to coming. Keep in mind what would be a reasonble sale value for the asset mid-next year as per our plan. Tom, you are making the right call - give me a day or two to manage the positions. Swank has confirmed with me that he is committed to join the mid-market group in east power and make a difference. I hope to be moving several experienced dealmakers into the gas and power mid-market groups to increase our deal-making skills and relationships in those markets. I would also hope to move a reasonable number of new associates that only rotate within trading and mid-market to the various desks. The goal is to increase the bench strength of the trading and mid-market groups plus support John's iniatives on the fundamental groups. I am in Florida - I think I am available the night of the 24th for the baseball game. Kay please follow up - I would like to make the game. regards Delainey Chris, the numbers are getting pretty large - we are trying to find a reasonable cut-off before this turns into an All-Employee meeting at the Hyatt. John and I decided to cut it off based upon who will be wearing large visable budgets. In the West, that includes Tim/Mike for trading Chris/Greg for mid market and yourself for origination. I hope this rationale will manage your issues. If we invite Jake I think you do have to invite Parquet and McDonald and we just don't have the room. He may have a few questions please give him a call. These should be updated and circulated weely. Ken, in response to the letter from Mr Miguel San Juan, my suggestion would be to offer up the Falcon for their use however, given the tight time frame and your recent visit with Mr. Fox that it would be difficult for either you or me to participate. I spoke to Max and he agrees with this approach. I appreciate the updates. You will need to bird-dog this to closure on an hourly basis to ensure that we get over the goal line. Keep me in the loop daily so that I can keep the pressure on at a senior level. Lew, it looks like I have some appointments I can't get out of on the 24th however, we could be out there by noon on the 25th. What is the updated availability schedule for each unit? We are only a couple of weeks from June 1. Scott, you need to make your own call on that one - I think you could add value in either. John, this is a Skilling issue - Charlene and myself are going to talk to him about several changes in the next couple of weeks. Gere, just following up on the offsite - have you all agreed on the target producer list for the insurance product? I spoke to Milly - he is on side. I have completed all reviews except Kishkill and Orlando - how do you want to handle this? thanks Peter - and congrats on the promotion well deserved. Keep actively managing constructively your constituency in Houston. Ike, thanks for the letter on Friday. The team is preparing an analysis on where we have flexibility and preparing a response. We should be able to respond before the end of the week. Thanks Dave Delainey Shawn, just a little buried - why don't you come by on Monday.