Independent of the desire to move on - what is the right call - I do not want to give value away in any divestiture or restructuring. I don't want to approve any further investments until we have had such a discussion. Guys, can you give me an update on what this deal is about - e-mail would be fine? Duran agreed to reduce his plan to flat year on year for commercial expenses - can you reflect that in your sheets please. I spoke with Mark this morning. He is very supportive of the structure and idea. I had indicated that he would continue to run the producer services business in the West but would also be part of the overall team as we plot out strategy in the West. He wants to stay in Denver which I think we should be able to accomodate as long as his group stays integrated into the overall team. I had indicated that we would consolidate market making into Houston and Paul Lucci could decide if he wants to continue trading or not - if so he needs to move to Houston. Phillip/Barry, go ahead and start working with Mark as you develop your plans going forward. I will be speaking to Stephanie Miller this week and will give the green light with her shortly. Paul, I had a look at the pitch and I thought it was an intriguing idea. I also wonder if the cost of creating, managing and maintaining a market like this is greater than the overall benefit achieved over the existing system. In its own often clumbsy looking way Enron's culture does allocate capital and people fairly effectively. Obviously, these are very cursory remarks - I have not spent a great deal of time on this. Jim, I have forwarded your binder to David Oxley to set up a meeting for the wholesale group to discuss appropriate homes for your people. It has taken a little longer than expected to get people together but we are making progress. It may be helpful for you to identify, like Abe, where these folks would like to go if they had their druthers. It may be worthwhile for us to have a quick phone call to discuss. Ike, with the danger of being too presumptious, I thought I would follow up with an e-mail to suggest a procedure for trading settlement offers on Wednesday. I would also suggest that each party provide sufficient back-up to justify their numbers. I am in the office over the next several days. Lets discuss at your earliest convenience. Power Systems has given me a proposal to replace the New Albany and Doyle 7B burners. a Mark we need to be bullet proof on the patent or lack thereof issues on the new equipment and that it would protect us from further exposure and b Mitch, Kevin, Mike and Bob, I need your technical and commercial opinions on the merits of this proposal ie do you as a team support this proposal? I believe the timing on this is rather short. Please get back to me at your earliest convenience. I will forward a copy of the proposal to each of you. Scott Healy contacted Bob Kelly at Calpine about Calpine's potential interest in Bridgeline and he found that Kelly and Cartwright had no real knowledge of the potential deal. Likely this originates at the local level and is probably a long put. Kelly was going to get back to Scott with more detail over the next week. Jim, I would start focusing some attention on gas at this point. When we get together I would like to sit down and go through a number of organizational re-alignments and what we may want to do on the regulatory front to support those businesses. Guys, I have spoken to Cliff and Mark and we are comfortable moving forward under the structure we have discussed. deal - I will require that myself and Mark be on that call - the transaction is fully press released immediately. I will require that Mark Haedicke manage this process and sign off on all press releases, term sheets, disclosure discussions, contracts and regulatory filings. I believe that we have this managed appropriately as long as we manage the process as per the script and in a factual manner. I appreciate the invite - I would like to continue to be involved. It was a pleasure to meet you and your team.