His 250 M valuation may have been appropriate 12 to 18 months ago. However, Mariner has enjoyed a series of successful wells that are expected to be booked in reserve reports next March not to mention significant increases in gas and oil prices. Our current valuations, in the 600M range is a stretch target but not incredibly out of line given reserve growth and current energy prices. Our current goal, is to be able to demonstrate three to four quarters of increasing operating cashflow and reserves growth before attempting a private sale mid next year to a significant E P concern that desires an offshore division. a Mariner is not on the market at this point in time and b his un-solicited offer does not warrant serious attention. Otherwise, we would be glad to speak to him in the future if we decide to sell tha asset. Bill, how are we making out on the credit reviews for some of these customers where Fred has waived his objection? Guys, attached you will find the final plan to meet our origination targets for Q4 consistent with our discussions. It is important that we hit our numbers in order for Enron to meet its targets for the year. Jean, can you give me an update on Q4 from an earnings point of view ie deals and value. Rob, can you give me a view on where you stand for fourth quarter from an orig point of view ie deals and value. Guys, we are working to put together the final team to manage this issue however, it is Jeff Skilling's call to keep Delainey, Milnthorp and Keohane out of the day to day fray on this issue. Commercial and legal resources from Houston will manage this issue on a go forward basis and may call on you as a resource if needed from time to time. You have done a very great job managing this issue to date and your efforts on that front are much appreciated. Our focus should return to growing the business and meeting our financial targets. would like you to stay involved through the Friday conference call that is scheduled. I am on the road - I really don't have much to say. Jeff, can you spend a little time thinking about the current North American energy markets very high energy prices, stretched infrastructure, etc and determine which game changing or altering technologies, business models or existing corporate positions that will benefit from such price and volatility levels. Guys, Joe Sutton had passed down an opportunity that probably fits your capabilities better than ours. In a nutshell, a consultant on retainer by Mass. General Hospital in Boston, part of the Healthcare Partners system, is desiring a steam and electric contract. I spoke to him yesterday afternoon and promised that one of you would be in contact. Joe is a big fan of Enron's and could see the logic of a more robust product like the full energy outsourcing versus just a steam agreement. It may be a good lead into the health care segment. Eric, we need more than 2M saving to get this deal to clear the hurdle. Celeste, try and get him scheduled into the Super Saturday if possible so that the risk guys can take a look at him. If that can't be done then give me a call. I think we should renew the flame for the three year period. My understanding is that it is 75 K Cdn per year roughly. Not paid up-front and cancellable if Flames leave Calgary or disappear. I want a view from you guys of what is the prudent carry value for Mariner assuming current gas prices and the reserve increases assumed to coming. Keep in mind what would be a reasonble sale value for the asset mid-next year as per our plan. Tom, you are making the right call - give me a day or two to manage the positions. Guys, Swank has confirmed with me that he is committed to join the mid-market group in east power and make a difference.