However, I want to keep a strong presence in both markets and understand the language, political and cultural issues. I may be asking for my cake and eat it too however, I believe that you guys will find the balance. There is no need for you to leave Argentina - its up to you, Joe and Orlando to determine consistent with the business model we are trying to move forward. Propose to me a plan that manages your concerns but gets us as close to these ideals as possible at a cost that is reasonable. Please work with Joe and Orlando as part of this process. Stan Horton, if he believes this is a commercial possibility, may want to provide a few million of founding capital to the venture in order to preserve him the option to participate as an equity holder or operator if this becomes a reality. Tim, don't worry about me - it worked out fine. Thanks for leading some of these efforts it is often a thankless job. Jana, I had a late request from the Portland team to nominate a person, I don't think that Janet would mind letting them nominate this person. Could you please provide me your plan with these units. I would like to flatten out our book ie ensure there are good homes for or divest of all our existing turbines before we look at purchasing additional units for 2002. We envision people flying in the afternoon/evening of December 13th with the offsite being held on December 14th and 15th. Departure would occur the morning of December 16th. It is important that everyone stays for the entire period including Friday night. Jeff Skilling and Greg Whalley have taken time out their schedule to speak to us on Thursday and Friday night about Enron Corps strategy and our eCommerce/Networks strategy respectively. Dorie Hitchcock will manage all the logistics. Guys, attached you will find a list of key transactions identified in the Hot List for each business unit. The performance of your group is key to making our targets for Q4 and to meet budgeted origination performance for the year. Independent of specific budgets for the groups, the origination organization needs to generate 250M for Q4. I will be setting up time with each of you to go through your numbers and specifics on the deals. Rick, I have been having discussions with both Joe Deffner and Jean Mrha on this one. Clearly, this is a commercial banking product in which we have little competitive advantage unless we take more risk on terminal value or collateral reserve risk. Ultimately, I have challenged the Upstream Group to define the other parts of the deal that would compensate for this increased risk and the cost of capital uncompetitiveness. Ike, given our schedules, it appears that e-mail may be the most effective communication tool. Please give me a call at your earliest convenience. I am not a big fan of this idea even though it is rather interesting. I just think that the logistics are difficult particularily with employees with families. The drive to Galveston and back - the overnight babysitter - the potential trouble that may result in close quarters and hours of drinking et al. I prefer the original idea at Enron Field. Charlene, that will be fine. Ultimately, I would like to continue to push this with the leadership team. Jeff, this fella gave me a call on a new technology that converts chemical feedstocks into industrial gases. He wants to establish the technology in Baytown and is looking for our assistance and capital. This is probably a stretch but it may be worthwhile for you to speak with him. I am not advocating this play just passing on the message. He will be in Houston on Friday. Guys, what are we going to do with this contract and the barges? My understanding is that we have a done deal on the 6B's. I may be a nervous nellie but I would like to put all this stuff behind us ie no more 6B's or barges. Specifically, the two paragraphs basically add no value and just confuse the reader ie what is your opinion? Is this a good sale or can significant recovery on a risk adjusted basis occur if we convert the sub debt and infuse more equity?