I appreciate blanket authority, but I wonder about exactly how this would be constructed? Would this be similar to the natural gas marketer blanket authority?  Please put on my calendar that I will not travel or go out of town for all of May 2002. I will be in Houston during this period. Spoke with Lamar Frazier - Jeremy sounds worried. The issue on retroactivity is open primarily because they can ask these questions and I believe as leverage for other issues. We are coordinating with the big customers who recently left. They are marshalling forces to oppose any retroactivity. This is as much their fight as it is ours. If you want any other info or want to discuss further, let me know. It is critical that every customer in California that switched signed new or renewal customer during this year. We need a contact person for each account. We are able to provide phone numbers and contacts through our trade groups. Harry Kingerski informed me that you and some team members were going to visit ConEd to discuss the Benchmark Rate Swap. I'd love to sit down with you to discuss this product. When you have the list of customers we should contact, please let me know. I should try and get back with Ashley today. Any thoughts on this merger? I would love to know how the financials would look post merger. Seems like the easiest way to discuss with everyone. Can you please reach out to him to help on some transmission issues involved in retail competition. What lobbying did Enron do last year with regard to EnronOnline and the Commodity Futures Modernization Act? was the lead negotiator - I would not change this. Jeff should only be there to make introductions. Meet Confer 10/29 Sue Mara and Jeff Dasovich will listen and report back to everyone on what happens. Reformed Stipulation I would propose that we take a wait and see approach to this document. Meeting My understanding is that Jeff D. Can everyone make it that needs to be there? We should put the laundry list on the table. Please let me know what else we need to discuss or if anyone disagrees. Jim Hope you and Gracie are having a good day! California is a difficult State to understand. Vicki Sharp was interested in trying to update our Licenses throughout the country. I will arrange a meeting for us to follow-up. I received a message that he can, but haven't told him either way. Can you ask the Project Leaders on the key projects for a timeline comments due date, etc. of their activities? I would love to have a crib sheet to know when to expect comments. Can you please add Becky Cantrell, Melinda Pharms, and Guillermo Canovas to your Nat Gas weekly discussions? Not sure if they will all come, but I'd like someone from Government Affairs at the meeting to try and keep us up-to-date on the issues.