Rick Shapiro has offered to present. I think that we can work up some presentation for 45 minutes. Sam Behrens will write an opinion letter to allow the move without the need for a 203 filing and everything else is in place. The process post 12/20/01 is unclear - not sure if Enron companies can schedule without posting Security 3. May be an alternative worth considering? Suiza , so not sure what the contract issues would be - maybe Michelle can help here. Please let me know if you can do this and if there are any issues. Sorry about all of this confusion regarding residential customers. I intend to take vacation this Friday, all of next week, and Dec 31. Unfortunately, Harry Kingerski, Bob Frank, Jeff Dasovich,and Christi Nicolay will also be on vacation. Does everyone have access to the O Drive / Public Affairs directory? If you don't have access, please let me know. If I don't get to speak directly with everyone, I hope that y'all have a safe and happy Holiday Season! Linda -- Yesterday you mentioned I had a small work assignment during the meeting. I've asked the outside consultants to give us a change for the impact of the refund case. Dan - Spoke with Janet Dietrich yesterday. Slight change to our advocacy versus our Monday discussions. It's a strange situation - the Universities own the bldg and land but a Trust pays the bills. I told him that we would look into this and get back by end of business Thursday. Thanks for the updated list.  Please set up some time about 1 hour after I return from my vacation with Dave Duran and Rick Shapiro and myself to discuss Enron's Wholesale Retail Advocacy Positions. Also, please make sure that Susan Lindberg gets a copy of all filings to pass along to the Midwest desk. Thanks for the informative phone call this morning. Having the key issues presented in one place was very helpful. To follow up on the meeting, the following are action items for the group. December 1 Market Readiness Update Meeting Thane Twiggs wholesale and Nancy Hetrick retail will have at this time an understanding of the billing and settlement issues or not with their respective areas. I will ask Linda Noske to set up this meeting. If anyone hears anything else about the market delay, please let Jean Ryall know immediately. As of right now, it is my impression that we all agree there is no delay scheduled? Fix Capacity Auction process, including credit matters.