5 Billion about 10 Billion for spot purchases and 2. Balancing account for holding Utility even. It is a long-shot that this alternative would be approved.  Please take the first stab at two presentations for each business unit that would lay out what our key issues and decisionmaking process for these issues. Wanted to make sure that I hadn't been unresponsive to the project. Anything critical that you need from me? I'm not sure what our public statements have been and as soon as we prepare the filing, I'll let you know. If anyone has any questions, please give me a call. Thank you for keeping me in the loop on your activities. While I am always supportive of more public statements pushing competition, neither I nor Enron can sign on to the letter. First, I am concerned that having Enron sign on will distract from your messages. Let's not study this too much - we know what to do. Also, I'm not sure how providing federal grant money only to states that promote competition supports our efforts. While Enron wants markets that work well, the core problem is that we haven't deregulated enough - not that markets aren't working. Also, I don't know where the recommendation numbers from the Bush/Cheney plan came from -- I think it was an earlier document -- there are no such numbers in the final printed version of the report that I have. If you want to talk, please let me know. I'd like to re-start this report and provide an update at the beginning of September. While I am aware of some efforts, I am sure that I don't know about everything that is critical and on-going. I need get a list of projects that your teams are working on for Deal Support, Regulatory Risk, and Advocacy. I am truly at a loss for current deals that Government Affairs is supporting and our expectation of closing dates. For each project, I need lead Government Affairs person, financial impact our your best guess , background and key issues, and strategies and next steps. This list does not need to be exhaustive, but simply the major activities currently underway. Look at this web site www. While there are some quotes, remember that the analytics were never taken to the final decimal. We were mainly trying to make a political point. Jean was going to call Luiz to get this issue on the burner. Thanks Ray -- Wanted to make sure that you had seen the note Sanders sent around? Belden is in Houston next Wednesday and a number of the Western team is going to visit with him about current status and issues. Congress has re-scheduled the hearing on Reliability for the same time. As we discussed, please find a list of our project team leads on on-going wholesale matters. Before I send this Louise, I'd like your thoughts.