As some of you may be aware, Dick's consulting arrangement with Enron ends later this fall. In an effort to make the transition as easy as possible, I would recommend that the following people work with Dick to transition on critical committees and tasks nothing is hardwired, so if we need to change people, let me know. My recommendation is that Steve Walton attend with Dick and become the lead. We may not get a voting seat after Dick leaves, but we should try and cover. Charles Yeung should pick up coverage for the FlowBased discussions. Dick will not attend the next meeting in Chicago that takes place on Aug 30. Andy Rodriguez should pick up the Security Coordinator Subcommitte discussions that take place Sept 25 - 27. Let me know if this transition plan works. He had placed a few calls into you and hadn't heard back. When you get back, please let me know where this stands. No big deal, but I want to understand what is going on with the load curtailment efforts. The goal should be to have a final decision on next steps before next Friday, Aug 17. Becky heard Michelle Foss talk the other day. Because you've only been here a short time, most of the responses are To Be Determined. If you don't have any problems, please come by and sign. If Ed wants more info of this type for other states, I'd like to make sure that we organize our efforts so we don't duplicate too much and deploy the proper resources. Please arrange a phone call with Christi Sarah Novosel to discuss market power for this upcoming Friday. Let's talk about all expense report matters tomorrow. Also, please send out reminders to everyone that I want to deal with this only on Friday and not to go too long without a report. 30 am Houston time for everyone above for tomorrow. Who is responsible for completing all paperwork for entering a new market? There have been some issues with getting everything coordinated lately and I wanted to make sure that we knew who was on point. Total megawatthours of market-priced wholesale and retail sales for the 12 months ending March 31, 2001 probably just get Linda Lawrence to sum up our monthly sales I would have a separate total for wholesale financials and use someone from Evan Hughes shop for physical retail sales. Do you have a list of the Commissions / Officials that you have discussed these issues with either formally or informally? It would be good to make sure that we have a running tally. We need all of our customers to call a the Governor, b the key Legislative members, and c their trade associations. We can release very quietly to influential persons Wal-Mart, Raytheon, and Northrop. It is also critical that we try and contact someone from Boeing to get their read of the bill and its impact. Our understanding is that they have recently signed a deal with another marketer and will be cut out by this Bill. Any help in communicating with Boeing is critical. Please let me know how best to approach the Calif Rest Association. Is it better to have our customers call? I will work up some talking points and phone numbers with Sue Mara to use in these discussions. I will ask my assistant Linda Noske to get a call in number and a room on 47. Please let Linda Noske know if you will attend. Thanks for the accounting treatment. Probably better to have one payment this year and one payment on Jan2 charged back to 2001. Please reschedule until Wednesday. I have a meeting all afternoon on California. Bob Williams - Synopsis of 1c/kwh Surcharge 2. Dian Huddleson - Plan for Requesting Net Bill Reinstatement 4.