I could change if you think appropriate. Thanks, Jim Today after the Hearing I attended lunch with John Anderson and Phil Harris. Agreeing to that, the idea is to review the Bingaman language and see if our groups could agree to that language. I think that internally Enron is already there? John Shelk, if you could pls send out the language to everyone on this e-mail to get agreement that would be very helpful. If anyone has any problems, please let me know. Everyone should be working to get customers focused on messaging to the a Governor's office and b trade associations. Once I receive the list, we'll make a decision on how to proceed with that group. Hedy Bev, who should support the amendment? Don't we need a member to carry the provision? If not, please let me know - Joe sent me a copy. He is interested in any analysis that we may have provided related to the Simon Properties deal with the Master Meter issue. If anyone has any old files on this, please send his way. We probably need to have a review of our rights and obligations so that we can properly book the deal. After we get Joe our info, we can regroup to determine next steps. If anyone has any questions, please call. Jim Joe -- I forwarded the call from Phil to Bill Bradford and let Kevin Presto know. If you hear anything else, pls let me know. Also, he would like us to let our friends in the industry know about this upcoming meeting. Any insight into this statement about Whalley and Frevert? I'm guessing that this is just Lay's vision of what is now impacting our company? Lay wasn't more specific about the two men's assignments. They'll be looking at all of the businesses -- the wholesale unit, government affairs. Anything that affects Enron,'' Lay said. When will you have a new version to read? Attached please find Sept's Government Affairs report. If you would like to discuss, please let me know. I intend to take off the following days for vacation through the year-end. Do you still have a contact at Waste Management? I hear their financial troubles seem to be under control. Do we have any construction in progress? Is there anyone else I should talk with about this information? If anyone has any issues or comments, please let me know. Out here in California. Trying to rally support for competition. Hope you and Grace are having a good day. Enron would be willing to move forward with the Boston Pacific study at the 15k level. It is on the calendar for this Wednesday. We would recommend that the agenda item be removed this week and we deal with the outstanding issues. If anyone has a significant reason not to pull the item, please let me or Harry Kingerski know as soon as possible. Here is the org chart that captures our discussions. Please let me know if you have any questions. I would recommend that if we keep Roy Boston we not keep Pat Keene and move Bob Frank to Texas with Roy Boston in the Mid-C.