When do you think you'll be coming here and when do you think you'll leave. We'll need to coordinate the travel schedules. We're going to use OnePass miles for at least two tickets, so we'll need to finalize things in early April to get seats. Margaret- Renato and I are already signed up to work Kali's class booth and our son's class booth--all at different times. I don't think we'll be able to help all afternoon at one booth, but if something changes I would be more than happy to help Mary out. Field and Fair booth on Friday, May 4th Dear Second Grade parents, Our class booth is the pinata booth and the booth chair is Mary Rothwell. As you may know, she is expecting a baby in early April. She is still willing to run the booth and prepare the pinatas before the fair but will need someone to help her that day since she will have her newborn with her. If so, please email me and I will let her know. Margaret Pierce Room Parent I need 2 cases of Thin Mints and 6 packages of Shortbread. I'm planning to go to the reorder station Friday afternoon unless someone has extras. com 713-853-3229 wk Thanks for the birthday card. I went to work that day and went out to dinner that night. To view this greeting card, click on the following Web address at anytime within the next 60 days. Greeting, you can do so at Margaret- I'll get the cookies on Friday. Can you pick them up Friday night or Saturday? I'll need payment for the 6 boxes then, as well as your money for the first order. no subject Dear Susan, Could I please order six more shortbreads? Thanks, Margaret Pierce Kathy- Is soccer practice on for tonight? Also, for the game on Sunday, what time do you want everyone to be there? Thanks Susan Pereira Stevens, Joe put a call into Destin today, but our contact was out. Once we talk to the right person and find out exactly what needs to be done, I think we would be very interested in having Rebel draft the letter. Harvey Petter with Rebel has offered to draft a letter. If it meets with Enron's approval it could be sent by your office. It might save you and your attorneys a lot of time, but that is not how you might want to handle it. Stevens This will serve as my confirmation. Please Confirm Your Subscription to the Dictionary. Your confirmation is needed for your subscription to the Dictionary. To confirm your subscription, please reply to this message and our automated service will add your address to our list. Sorry to bother you, but when Kali was unwrapping her presents last night, there were two without cards or tags probably lost in transit! So that we can get the thank you notes correct, did Laura give Kali a Skipper doll or a bath set in a blue bag? - We ended up selling 131 boxes at the booth on Saturday. Leslie- I was wanting to know what the imbalances are booked at. Are they all mark-to-marketed or valued at some historical pricing? One regarding Louisiana Intrastate paying us 3. I would like to cancel my registration for this class. Please review any prerequisite material to validate your eligibility in this class. From now on, I think Nelson Ferries w/Enron will be handling all our short term wellhead purchases. March Gas Susan, have you started buying March gas on Tenn 0 ?