Gas Daily Prices for Bazor Ridge Could you please forward me a copy of November Daily Gas Prices for the Bazor Ridge Treating Facility. I am responsible for filing the monthly production reports for Rebel Drilling with the Mississippi Oil Gas Board. I wanted to clarify with you the transportation costs on Destin. This should be deducted from the net volumes received on our transportation contract. The net volumes are the volumes allocated to our contract for redelivery after 0. 3 fuel in kind has been deducted from the gross volumes at the receipt point into Destin. If you bill us on gross volumes, then you must deduct the value of the fuel as well as the. From my calculations, deducts from gross volumes would be. Please let me know if you have any questions. Prices and volumes Susan, Do you have any idea when we will receive volumes and pricing for the Bazor Ridge Gas Plant for November? If I need to contact someone else concerning these issues please let me know. Stevens Julie- Unfortunately, I will not be able to help you sort recognitions during the day on Tuesday -- I can't get off work on that day. If you are able to sort our troop's recognitions troop 12357 by Tuesday evening, I would love to come by and pick them up. Our last Brownie meeting is on Wednesday afternoon, and I wanted to get everything to our troop leader Wednesday morning before work. Let me know what time would be convenient for me to come by. We were allocated a total of 7591 mmbtu at the receipt point for November. 4867 The same transport fee and fuel percentage as last month should be deducted from this price. I think the allocated fuel was 23 mmbtu. Also, keep in mind that we scheduled 31,112 mmbtu per Rebel's directions. Prices and volumes Susan, Do you have any idea when we will receive volumes and pricing for the Bazor Ridge Gas Plant for November? If I need to contact someone else concerning these issues please let me know. Stevens We will not be settling the El Paso/Stingray imbalance. El Paso insists on being paid back in kind, as opposed to cashing out at prices when the imbalance occurred. We'll just carry the imbalance on our books. - Was new paperwork sent out to Cinergy? Stevens- I haven't heard back from our accounting group on what their fax number is. Could you please provide a fax number for our invoice? The volumes are at the wellhead, so the fuel volumes would need to be deducted. As for the prices, the Sonat gas daily prices should be reduced by 0. Let me know if you have any more questions. Gas Daily Prices for Bazor Ridge Susan, Please bare with me on these questions. 1 Do the volumes have the 1 fuel taken out? 2 Do the prices have the transportation taken out? I assume somethings, but a thought best to ask. 475 Let me know if you need any more info. Gas Daily Prices for Bazor Ridge Susan, There was a small amount of gas sold from the Kahuna Gas plant in October. I have spoken with Joe Casa with Enron and he is going to provide volumes. Can you please provide me the October pricing or give me the name of someone who can? 475 Let me know if you need any more info. Gas Daily Prices for Bazor Ridge Susan, There was a small amount of gas sold from the Kahuna Gas plant in October. I have spoken with Joe Casa with Enron and he is going to provide volumes. Can you please provide me the October pricing or give me the name of someone who can? We have not received any final allocation from Destin. I think Joe talked with Harvey at Rebel and communicated this to him today. Gas Daily Prices for Bazor Ridge Susan, I was wondering where you stood with volumes and pricing?