So You Think You Know Movies? Whether you like to watch a lot of movies or have kids in need of a Disney fix, having a bigger selection of movies at home can make your life easier and more entertaining. That's why we've created a variety of rental progra ms to meet all our members' unique needs. See It All Want to watch a bank heist go bad? Whatever movie you're in the mood for, browsing our 10,000 movie titles is quick and easy with our new drop-down menus. Go to the Netflix site and start browsing by Genre, Category or Experts! Get the Scoop When a movie you see turns out to be a flop, do you wish somebody had told you it was a waste of time before you saw it? Check out our Reviews now, s o you'll know what to watch next time! From the clues listed below, see whether you can guess the actors and movies Leonard thinks are worth watching. Nominated for an Oscar for his performance, this actor played jazz guitar legend Emmet Ray in this funny not to mention peculiar film. Always hilarious, this actor with the initials J. This lethal weapon battles the English after they burn his house in this 2000 hit. The casing was integral in the player's selection to go into space, as it provides the lightweight durability needed for space travel. The shuttle taking the astronauts to the Space Station will lift off at a speed of 200 mph when it clears the tower, before reaching an orbital speed of 17,500 m ph and encountering a maximum of three-G forces. What will the astronauts watch in space? Your Account Rental Queue Unsubscribe This message was mailed to spereir enron. com David- I got the email you forwarded to me. Have you responded to Suzanne Sugarbaker yet? If I don't hear back from you today, I will probably email Suzanne directly this weekend. Maybe I can clarify a few issues with her. As for Cindy Colvin's "presentation," I've spoken with Richard Rothfelder on how we might handle future situations like this. In the meantime, I'm taking extra vitamins to thicken my skin. I know we will need to schedule a committee meeting in the next week or so. Julie- I left my paperwork in the green box at your doorstep yesterday. I'll be out of town until March 25, so if you have any questions, I won't be able to respond until then. Thanks, Susan Pereira Stevens- We've moved up the food chain at Destin, but have not received a response yet. Check with Joe Casas to see if he hears anything Susan Stevens Hollister eott. As I told you before, Rebel would be more than happy to write "the letter", but I believe it will have to be submitted by Enron as the shipper. I don't know if you'll get this, but Maman said your email was back in business my words, not hers! I asked the kids about going ahead to Brazil with y'all. Michael will do whatever Kali was a little hesitant. When do you think you'll be coming here and when do you think you'll leave. We'll need to coordinate the travel schedules. We're going to use OnePass miles for at least two tickets, so we'll need to finalize things in early April to get seats. Margaret- Renato and I are already signed up to work Kali's class booth and our son's class booth--all at different times. I don't think we'll be able to help all afternoon at one booth, but if something changes I would be more than happy to help Mary out. Field and Fair booth on Friday, May 4th Dear Second Grade parents, Our class booth is the pinata booth and the booth chair is Mary Rothwell. As you may know, she is expecting a baby in early April. She is still willing to run the booth and prepare the pinatas before the fair but will need someone to help her that day since she will have her newborn with her.