I will show extreme restraint and refrain from any Chips comments Besides, I don't have time to type that much. I will give you credit on one thing, the vest is a no-no and my days of playing Chip are over the vest is being given to an aggie - those cult like people. No old age references to the show Chips because that would just be mean. I was rooting for the Longhorns and I am glad they waxed the Aggies. My condolences on your prospects not looking quite as bright. Hope you had a nice Thanksgiving and good luck helping all of your Aggie co-workers through this trying time. Susan Oh and Chip, I'd store the Gig'em sweater-vest away for the next 360 days or so if you want to avoid any post-game ridicule. Well, given the impressive results of Friday's game, I suppose I should've taken the bet. Watching the game I couldn't help but remember some comments made not too long ago about this being a building season and that the Horns would be a force to be reckoned with come the next two seasons - - I love it when I'm right. With an increasingly more confident sophomore quarterback leading the charge and three count them three very mature freshman receivers all eager to make big plays, not to mention last year's top quarterback recruit Chance Mock serving as a back-up, next season promises to be something to watch. My condolences on your prospects not looking quite as bright. Hope you had a nice Thanksgiving and good luck helping all of your Aggie co-workers through this trying time. Susan Oh and Chip, I'd store the Gig'em sweater-vest away for the next 360 days or so if you want to avoid any post-game ridicule. Hey Chris, I was wondering if there was a fax number at the base so that my apartment complex can send you some info. If there is, just shoot me off an email with the number and I'll pass it along to them. Hope things are going well and that you're not too homesick with Thanksgiving and all. I have a feeling I will be talking to you guys tomorrow along with both of our parents and extended family members. Have a great holiday and root on the Horns I think this is going to be a tough one. Love, Susan Sorry it took me so long to get back to you. Unfortunately, I'm not a betting woman I'm afraid any team I bet on is automatically jinxed and I can't vote against my alma mater. so I will kindly refrain from any wagers. Have a great Thanksgiving Holiday, Susan The options book is still the options book and I think I will have put in at least 36 of my 40 hours this week. I'm not working hard enough, Enron Capital Trade Resources Corp. game So are you up for any friendly or unfriendly bets on this weeks big show down? I don't think the lines are out yet but I'm sure you guys will be favored by at least a touchdown. How about the loser either picks up the first round or the whole night the next time we hit the town, although the later might be pretty steep. Don't know if your a gambling gal but I thought I would at least present this opportunity to you. Are you getting a handle on the whole macro thing? Look on the bright side it is only a three day week and I'm sure you'll get the whole 40 in. Share information about yourself, create your own public profile at. If that works for you I'm going to go ahead and book the ticket now. I'm so glad to hear that you're move was such a rousing success. As for myself and all of the guy juggling, I'm trying to get that under control. Truth be told, none of them are worth a dime. I think it was more of an ego thing on my part. Anyway, I still can't see the point in wasting time on guys I'm not interested in so like I said I've ceased the rampage. I'm not taking any time off for Christmas so this trip would be a very welcomed respite. Susan Hey Julie, Congratulations on the promotion, that's so exciting I'm sure you've more than earned it. I just wanted to drop a line and see how work, your new apartment/roommate and Brendan are all doing. I realize this is somewhat random, but I just found some great airfares from Houston to San Diego 99 each way! and was wondering what you were doing the weekend of Dec. I know this time of year is kind of crazy so I will totally understand if you have holiday parties, etc. to attend. Regardless, this deal is good for travel through the end of February 2001, so if it doesn't look like it's going to work before the end of the year, maybe I could make a visit mid-January or February. Have a great holiday weekend and I'll talk to you soon. Susan Glen, I'm faxing you Transwestern's signature page and declaration. An electronic version of the declaration is attached. I completely forgot to call you this afternoon.