I'll tell you, I am so preoccupied with the Plan Restatement, Plan Upload and performance reviews that I would like to postpone a meeting with McCarty to review report format another week or so. Embedded StdOleLink I think we really need to have this meeting. I have had a tough time getting these people together. Do both of you need to attend the other meeting? Can we look at doing this meeting after that and we will know the dates and volume impacts. We would like to discuss when the maintenance will be, the duration, and what will be done. Please be prepared to discuss any savings we will have from the plan for maintenance that will not have to be done because of our planned expansion capital and expense. I will send out the location later today. We would like to discuss when the maintenance will be, the duration, and what will be done. Please be prepared to discuss any savings we will have from the plan for maintenance that will not have to be done because of our planned expansion capital and expense. I will send out the location later today. Anyway, if you don't make it tonight, let's try to get together for lunch the week of March 5. The O M/G A graph should include your direct business unit expenses, Corporate costs and other significant allocated costs. Please break out the Corporate and allocated costs for the ones that have increased significantly. It may work better if you insert your slides into this template. If that does not tell the story you are trying to present, then do what you need to and we can discuss with Stan on Nov. I will not need anything in advance of the Nov. on Monday, November 5, or sooner, if possible. I will need to make books and have them copied prior to the Lay Reviews on November 8. 1, please bring a copy for Stan, Rod, myself and a few extras. I have all the parent volunteers for the zoo trip lined up. Do you need anything else for the trip, i. Let me know and we will have it for you. Her bonus shuld have been 5,600 which falls in the low range of the level for someone ranked a 3. Thanks Tracy Geaccone I think we should show margins and expense and come down to net contribution. I think it be important to maintain the margin stuff separately. We also should show the assets sales and others separately. We just weren't there yet last week when we met with Danny. Tracy and Steve, I want to substitute "Net Contribution Commercial" for the Net Margin on my combination schedule. Do you have the other line items by Quarter that you can come to a Net Contribution Commercial number? I think you should include net commercial contribution as that is what Danny is responsible for. I will begin keeping this schedule without explanations. Explanations and story line should be included on your individual margin pages just as we showed Danny last week. I am having to reschedule because of Steve Harris' meeting. This year we will be looking at the income statement on a functional basis rather than a legal entity basis. We sent a planning calendar out last week which shows when these meetings are scheduled.