Please take care of as soon as possible. I don't know if we have the Trailblazer info in house. Mike McGowan in Omaha would be the only one who might know. If he does not have it, we wii have to call Trailblazer directly. I don't know how to get in touch with Mike outside of the office. I want the payment from the final bill to go to the Corp account as well. I do not need the bill to go to my home address. I can call Jan at home so I can get access. I have vacation scheduled for Friday, November 9. I will be back in the office on Monday, November 12. I will check voice mail a few times as well. Some of you had a meeting with Stan on your calendars for Monday, October 22 from 3-5 to go over the plan presentations. I have attached an invitation for Mother's Night Out for Mrs. Bryant's PreK class. I would like to send them in this Thursday's Friday folder. Do you think you will need me to come back into the office tonight? I don't want to let my nanney go home if you think you need me Please transfer the balance from my personal to my corporate. Rod and I will meet with Stan separately. I would like to make sure we know the definition per group. Are you getting all the info you need? 'ames should be in and I can tell him or Steve where to get schedules. Can you center map on slide for me. Its for Danny McCarty for his presentation to Stan. Did you have a good work out? I enjoyed watching Soap Operas while the Vietnamese ladies worked on my hands and feet. Have you heard from Stan on the O and M? Thanks for all your help on the latest Corp firedrill. Corp has notified me that they may call me over the weekend with questions. Please e-mail with a number I can reach you at in case I need to contact you. I heard that you asked for this in staff meeting this morning. Do we need to schedule something for the rest of Azurix? It has been great to spend time with you. I am really going to miss you this week. They are laying off 2000 people next week. I hope you are not working too much over the holidays. You can reach me by Blackberry or cell phone. I will be back friday What is happening to the stock price? Stan would like to have a run through of the presentation for the Lay reviews on November 1. Please see the agenda attached below for your respective group's time. If you need to call in, the number is below. If you can not attend, please send a representative. If you are calling in, please send your presentation to me ahead of time so I can make copies. Please feel free to invite anyone else you want to attend. I will be listening in fr a little while I hope to have before the end of the day. Is there a meeting with Kevin Howard today on this? I can review afterwards and get back to you tonight. Rod and I are meeting with Stan Monday afternoon, October 22, to talk about the 4th Quarter. Please let me know if there are any changes and provide any variance explanations if necessary. I passed out the Corp format last Friday at with some detail of O M by legal entity. I would like to have this by first thing by Monday. Please let me know if you can't do this.