Please let me know if you did not receive the calendar or could not find it on the intranet. Jon said you had some fluid removed from your lungs. com , "russell gaull" RussGaull e xcite. 8 Includes tranfers in and out of other groups. Do we need to go over this to make sure the other groups are adjusted appropriately? Lets talk at our Friday Staff meeting to see if this is the kind of information you are looking for and whether this is the right distribution list. I have left you a voicemail to call me and tell about the soccer deal. Message I have left a message for Johanna. I would imagine it will be three of them and three of us. Message How many will we have on Sunday and what time should we go? Message I heard from the Keltings that would love to have dinner on Sunday. Do we need to make reservations at Lucinda's? I will tell you about it Sunday or give me a call when you get a chance. Would you like to go to Lucindas Friday or Sunday evening? Maybe we can get the other couple thats going skiing to go with us? It could, but we don't know what Stan wants to talk about until we get closer. Plan shows the meeting running 8 hours. How many will we have on Sunday and what time should we go? Message I heard from the Keltings that would love to have dinner on Sunday. Do we need to make reservations at Lucinda's? I will tell you about it Sunday or give me a call when you get a chance. Would you like to go to Lucindas Friday or Sunday evening? Maybe we can get the other couple thats going skiing to go with us? I will let you know if anyone can't make it. I have spoken to some and left messages for other. Hi Tracy, Do we know what the March 7th field trip is? I guess we need to start contacting volunteers soon. I can't believe this month is already over This school year is flying by. All the statistical data is on the Investor relations website. Investor relations drafts that supplement and has in the past worked with me to get any data they don't already have and to review the content. Do you know who drafts the copy for the Enron statistical report? Also, may I get a copy of the 1999 statistical report from you? If you have alot of things to do at home, I don't mind driving to your house after Jackie's conference. 30, so I will not be at your staff meeting. Love you, Red I will call everyone and remind them about Sat. 00 and I will get shirt orders and money on Sat. Cliff and Lee will commit to one apiece.