Please make sure he has any handouts ahead of time. Lindy, you might want to use accountability slide format. 1 I need to double check this one this morning. We will review updated 4Q with Stan on Tuesday afternoon. Sorry for the delay, I had to talk to Rod. We have taken that out and added to each pipes Corporate Direct. When we get the user list we will revise. The 4th Quarter Forecast Meeting with Stan scheduled for Thursday, October 18 has been canceled. Rod and I will meet with Stan separately. You or Mary Kay will have to call and ask him for it tomorrow. Commercial Business Review dates Hope your day gets better and that you feel better. Commercial Business Review dates I am not sure why John does not have a copy. I was not aware that you were having problems. I do not know Cliff Jackson and I am unable to control his actions. In the future, if you are having problems, please contact someone in my department, Judy Lin, Mary Botello or James Weitekamp. Please provide me with a complete list of the things you need and we will be more than happy to work with you. If they are reports that are to be sent to me, I don't understand why I am not getting them. Tracey, it is almost time for the February reports and I have not gotten the Property Report or the Report that gives me the budget and actual figures for January. I don't know why it is so hard to get them but if I don't get some response this week, I am going to Rod Hayslett. I am getting flack so I am passing it on. Ruth I would think what you are charging should include benefits and payroll taxes as they are part of employee expenses. As discussed earlier, the cost center accounts will have to be programmed such that only the Labor Cost move from the Cost Center out to the project. When we define a markup rate in the general E C business, the markup is always on the base labor only. I am asking that you also freeze the transfer of Benefits/taxes/Burdens so that our markup rate will be correct. These roles are considered incompatible roles, because the combinations of the roles should not be jointly assigned to a user, as such would compromise segregation of duties and is considered a business risk. Do you want me to continue requesting these roles for you?