Please be advised that as of this moment there will not be a conference call for this Friday, June 16th. I will notify everyone via email when a call is set for sure. I will also give you the pincode for that call which will be the same as last Friday. Please review the attached letter and provide me with any comments that you may have. Please review and provide me with any comments that you may have. I have enclosed the final version of the Letter Agreement. Please have appropriate representatives of Wilde and MasTec sign at the space indicated below and return this to me by fax. Once I have received the signed faxes, I will allow the wire transfer to proceed. I have attached a draft of the letter I propose we send to Duke. As you know, this letter must be sent tomorrow. Please give me your comments by the end of today. Pursuant to your request, I have revised the Disclaimer below. Please review and provide me with any comments. I understand that any false or misleading statement that is incorrect, incomplete, or untrue will be grounds for disciplinary action, up to and including termination of employment, at the Company's discretion if discovered at any time. I acknowledge and understand that this system is for the use of authorized users only. If I use this computer system without authority, or in excess of my authority, I may be prosecuted to the maximum extent allowable by the law. I understand that I am subject to having all of my activities on this system monitored and recorded. I consent to such monitoring and understand that if such monitoring reveals evidence of possible criminal activity, it may be provided to law enforcement officials. I have attached a copy of a demand letter that may be appropriate in this situation. Please let me know if you have any thoughts. I am familiar with one active case and one threatened litigation involving the companies on the Investment Portfolio list. Jerry Jordan disagrees with Cgas' evaluation of the stock he retained which is subject to a buyout provision. Attached is a letter regarding the above referenced. Please contact Richard Sanders if you have any questions. Thanks Twanda Thanks for calling Larry Reichman. I am assuming that you will handle his request and let me know if there is anything more I need to do. Richard Attached is a confidential draft of the Consulting Services Agreement between you and Enron North America Corp. I have attached the proposed letter to Larry Taylor. Please let me know if you want to make any changes. I have attached the proposed letter to send to the brokers. Richard Sanders has asked me to set up a meeting regarding the above referenced. Lisa Mellencamp Mark Peterson John Hopley John Enerson Richard Sanders It looks as though, this Friday, Aug. Please let me know if this time is convenient for you. I tried to contact you by phone today, but your extension 31406 was forwarded to a non working number. My extension is 39402, if you wish to call me. Attached is a draft letter to Mheir Abitbol at Enerstar Limited in regards to the voluntary termination notice of amended and restated consulting services agreement. Attached for your review is a memo from Michelle and Kriste regarding the above referenced. memo Assignment Letter Attached is a proposed letter to Mark Roberts regarding the dispute between Enron Power Marketing, Inc. I have attached two drafts of the response to the California Power Exchange's November 11, 1999. The shorter response is the letter I recommend we send. The longer version has a little more substance. The meeting with Jim Derrick regarding the T. for Wednesday, December 22nd, in Conference Room 50m. I have attached a copy of the draft response to John Pope's December 13th letter to Dick Ingersoll. Attached is a new draft of the letter to John Pope with all comments received. If you have any other additions, please get them to me today. Please let me know by the end of today if you have any objections to the lawsuit or know of any potential counterclaims.