Somebody on this team is suffering through something. When you line up on Saturday, it's a lot easier to look at that person and know he is going to give it everything he's got.  On the field, there has been little but happiness for Auburn this season. Tuberville says it started when Auburn players, strengthened by the bad times, put aside their differences and their individual desires to play for their teammates and their school. I've never been around a team this close, Tuberville said. We haven't always played as great as we wanted to, but we've had guys urging the younger players and younger players pulling for the older guys to get better. They enjoy being around each other and understand what it's going to take for us to win.  The change from not so long ago is striking, Simmons says. If you don't really know each other and everybody is in their own little group, things aren't going to work, Simmons said. If you have trust in your teammates, you can build a good team.  It starts with the seniors, who have seen the good and the bad of college football. Then came two losing seasons and the resignation of their head coach, Terry Bowden. They revel in their success, yet they know it can be ever so fleeting. They take pride in the closeness of a team on the way back. No one understands better than fifth-year senior quarterback Ben Leard. He went from starter to third team in 1998, then won his job back in 1999 when hardly anyone thought he could. No one is worried about their personal accolades or how they are doing status-wise. The relationships we have on this team are like brothers. Leard says nothing that happens can change that. If we lose every game from now on, this will be one of the most special seasons I've ever had in my life, Leard said. It's a great feeling to be able to almost look forward to coming to practice, to see the guys, to have fun and talk. There are no fingers being pointed anywhere. There are no individuals on this football team. Evans was one who showed the way, happily accepting the unglamorous role of blocker for tailback Rudi Johnson. Every Friday night, Evans is still the one who leads his teammates as they share their joy and their pain. Heath is just like that all the time, Pate said. He's a great example of somebody who lives what he talks. He's a role model, not just for younger people but for all of us. I think we need some bid accounting here. I do not agree with your politics and please remove me from your list. It is an absolutely hilarious video of a pakistani man firing a shotgun in a range and the gun shooting out of his hand and him yelling at his friends. Real player should be able to play it - that is what I used. It was great seeing everybody and give us a shout the next time you are in town. Liz sent me a bunch of pics through email. Just curious how I may assist in getting Auburn University's name added to recruiting endeavors. Of course I am an alum, and I believe you will find we have an excellent engineering and business school. The old body doesn't cooperate like it use to. We got our tree up and he just rounds around pointing at the glass balls on the tree and yelling balls. This christmas should be fun. I miss our chats, but this is the wrong time and place to discuss that. Please do not fret at all about not asking me to stand up. For what it is worth I didn't ask you either. I think you are correct it would have been akward for both of us. This week is a time when you need as little stress as possible to cope with al the people that are pulling at you. So you know, do not worry about us, we are there to celebrate with you and meet your family. Take care of the other high maintenance people, because you will be suprised how many there are. I am looking forward to seeing you in that dress. Hey Phillip, I am in the office now. The luncheon well, other than my brother and not totally sure he is coming. If you were a girl which I am happy you are not you would be in my wedding party and the lunch is a way to say thanks to those close to me. If you and Ashley can't come b/c Grandma, etc I totally understand. I have to give the restaurant a head count. I will leave where we are, or what the plans are if in fact I am not there. I did want to let you know that I really thought about having you in Jason's wedding party but then thought it might not be the most appropriate. Just wanted to let you know that I did think about you. I don't know if you are working any this week, but I will send an email any way. We were wondering what there might be to do in Denver on Friday?