I know there is some luncheon on Friday, is that for couples or just girls? We get in about we land on Thursday at 5 p. Should we call your room or meet you somewhere? Jackson is 20 months and walking and talking up a storm. The program for people with Graduate degrees is the associate program. The person to contact that is responsible for that program is Kristin Gandy. I have no idea what all the requirements are and when they recruit. What type of position is he interested in - Treasury? I have some friends down in Treasury that I may be able to pass the resume on if you guys would like. Oil and Gas experience is not a necessity, just a plus. Enron really encourages diversity in every form, even experience. By far the best company I have ever worked for. I was also writing to ask you if you know anything about the program Enron has for people with graduate degrees. Chris is furiously looking for a new job and was just curious about that program that he saw on the Enron web site. I was also going to ask you if you knew of any positions there that might suit Chris' qualifications. Alot of what he sees on the web is looking for alot of engineering or Oil Gas experience. I told him you might have an inside track on some things there and that I would check with you. I am attaching his resume for you to look at. If you know of anything, please give me a call or e-mail me. I don't know if you are working any this week, but I will send an email any way. We were wondering what there might be to do in Denver on Friday? Since we have all day, are there musuems or things unique to Denver to see? I know there is some luncheon on Friday, is that for couples or just girls? We get in about we land on Thursday at 5 p. Should we call your room or meet you somewhere? The scuddle butt I hear is that Jackie Sherrill will be you next coach. We will see if Auburn is for real this weekend. Last I heard, you were running a dating service. I have been at Enron for close to 3 years. Ashley and I have a 18 month old son, Jackson. I am in the Risk Management Group for Natural Gas Trading. Dealing with the traders can be fun, but is usually quite challenging. Unfortunately we have a lot of late nights waiting on systems - like we are right now. We just built a house in PineBrook in Clear Lake. We had our ten year reunion last weekend. Our curves just came out, so I am going to start calcing my P L. I just started with Enron at the end of August. I have even read where Ronney Daniels has said he does not mind having a reduced role as long as we win. I get all of those articles from that website. That article was from the Huntsville Times. Late in Tommy Tuberville's first season as head coach, the team was fractured, divided by the stress of almost two years of trouble, despair and losing. It was defense and offense, offensive tackle Kendall Simmons said. Whatever happened, we pointed fingers at each other. On the Friday night before last November's game against Central Florida, a small group of players gathered at the team hotel at the urging of fullback Heath Evans. They talked about life and the sometimes bitter turns it can take. A bond began to grow among players young and old, black and white, starters and reserves. It wasn't so much about winning and losing or even about football. We may have had 15-20 guys show up that first night, senior whip linebacker Rob Pate said. Since then, it's just like another thing on the itinerary. It's not mandatory, but we have basically the whole team there. People just lay out their hearts, whatever is on their minds. Auburn has won seven of the eight games it has played since that November night. Players say they've done it with trust and a unity of purpose that has grown ever stronger. It has carried the 15th-ranked Tigers to a 5-0 record going into Saturday's Southeastern Conference West Division showdown at 20th-ranked Mississippi State. Pate says they'll go firm in the belief that they can count on each other in the most difficult times. A mysterious disease, now seemingly under control, threatened his senior season. When you see a guy at his weakest point and he's reaching out asking you for help, you know everything about a guy, Pate said. Before the first game, they set a chair in the middle of the room and every guy in there put his hands on me. Somebody on this team is suffering through something. When you line up on Saturday, it's a lot easier to look at that person and know he is going to give it everything he's got.