Significant transaction experience including internal approval and external negotiation processes. Must possess transactional savvy and a successful track record of building strong relationships and leading within all stages of the deal development process, including needs analysis, financial and technical due diligence, proposal development, customer interface and closing process. Person must creatively approach the outsourced deal and conceptualize new solutions which solve clients' problems. Must be a strong analytical thinker who applies this trait to effect individual tasks as well as overall process improvement. Experience with and understanding of derivative instruments, including swaps, options and the like. Extensive experience in putting together complex solutions under long term arrangements. Federal or Military contracting experience preferred. Self-starter with ability to handle multiple projects simultaneously. Person must have the confidence, presence, and communication skills to work effectively at all levels of an organization. Overall business knowledge is critical in order to fully realize the implications of providing outsourced energy services and the effect these services have on the economics and the day-to-day business of the Federal customers. Must see the deal through and negotiate with senior officials and contracting officers. Key performance measure will include development of profitable, internally replicable deal structures, deal closing and earnings generation, and adherence to Enron's Vision and Values. To be considered for this position, do not contact the hiring manager directly, send us your resume showing clearly how your experience addresses each of the essential requirements listed. Please indicate job number and title of position you desire on the email subject line. Please eliminate Italics, underlining, multiple margins or side-by-side columns. I think this may be the best one I have seen so far. This position will take responsibility for the Planning, Scheduling and Cost Management of all Enron Engineering and Construction Company, domestic and international projects. Will be responsible for producing accurate and timely Cost and Schedule information to Project Management and Executive Management from both the Site and Home Office Project Controls' team. Will take the lead in maintaining, upgrading or identifying new needs in the area of Project Controls' systems and procedures. Must have experience in power station engineering and construction, covering medium to large combustion turbines, steam turbines, steam generators, switchyards and electrical transmission systems. Knowledge of fuel and utility system design and construction including. Hydroelectric power project experience will be a plus. Must have experience in marine projects such as offshore tankers unloading facilities breakwater design and construction fuel unloading jetties. Offshore - Experience in the design, construction and refurbishment of offshore rigs for oil and gas work Process - Experience in the design and construction of Petro Chemical, Hydrocarbon and industrial plant facilities. Must have possess excellent supervisory skills. A Bachelors degree or equivalent in an Engineering discipline is required. Registered Professional Engineer preferred, but not required. This position will report to the Vice President, Project Support Services. Some international travel will be required. To submit resume for consideration, please e-mail it to eeccjobs enron. Plain text in the message body or an attached Word. Please do not use columns, italics or underlines. Please mention requisition in your resume or cover letter. No telephone calls or personal visits please. All resumes will be kept strictly confidential. Enron is an Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action Employer, and subscribes to a drug-free and smoke-free workplace. I heard through the grapevine that we will be heading out to Ditka's for your birthday on Thursday? I also heard rumors that they may be closing that casino down. I know if you move here, there is a good chance my Dad will follow you. Thanks for the info and if you see a position on the website that I miss, just let me know and I will get your resume down there. Phillip I have forwarded these to Greg Mausser. Keep sending Texas to me for the time being. I know he was there because I went up and visited a few times my freshman year during breaks.