Mitsubishi has not pushed its demurrage claim of about 260,000. Our solicitor, David Best, has had confirmed by our barrister that our time-bar defense against the demurrage claim is strong. We are paying joint testing invoices 100 and submitting them for 50 reimbursement to Mitsubishi. So far, despite its agreement to do so, Mitsubishi has not reimbursed us at all. We suspect that if we push this, Mitsubishi will start threatening to start up with the demurrage claim again. At least until we find out what Underwriters' position will be, we do not suggest pushing Mitsubishi on this. Non-Disclosure Agreement Richard - I have a company with whom we are negotiating a non-disclosure agreement. We have been working off of their form, but have inserted our arbitration language. We have put in New York as the operative law and they have responded with either Minnesota their home jurisdiction or Delaware the state of their incorporation. Do we have a problem with Delaware for jurisdiction? Also, this is a non-disclosure agreement and any subsequent agreement would have to be negotiated as to forum. We made it but the house next door and the house catty-corner to us both flooded. Did Hennigan give you any timetable for getting back to you on settlement? Hope you escaped from the storm relatively unscathed. It sounds like Tuesday was a drizzle compared to what Houston experienced yesterday. Farallon has moved for summary judgment against Natwest, McDonald, and PaineWebber. If the motion is credible, it should ratchet up the pressure on those three defendants to settle. The key to getting current information on settlement efforts by the other defendants is Mike Diamond. Because Mike still wants Richard's business, and Mike and I are close, Mike is likely to be pretty forthcoming if Richard or I ask him what is going on. If you are not the intended recipient, or the employee or agent responsible for delivering the message to the intended recipient, you are hereby notified that any dissemination, distribution or copying of this communication is strictly prohibited. If you have received this communication in error, please notify us immediately via e-mail at postmaster agsk. We made it but the house next door and the house catty-corner did not. I called Zisman this morning and was told that his houe was flooded. Yes I need tickets-- 4 tickets for either Fri, Sat or Sun the 22nd, 23rd, or 24th. I hope you are dry Rebecca McDonald's prep session is supposed to be at 10 a. In the event no postponement of her depo was agreed to, Robert Rivera is planning to be at McDonald's office at 10 a. I don't know if Mark Lowes will be there or not. I told McDonald's assistant that it was up to her whether to have Mark there or not. By the way, please let me know by e-mail what is up with the settlement talks. Cliff and I worked quite a bit with a firm up in Boston Hill Barlow and I am sure I could have them find tickets for you. Disregard my previous message about this case. Thanks for your assistance in this matter. This morning I received a copy of service of process that was served on Cog en Technologies Linden Venture in the Roger Atkinson matter. Cogen Technol ogies Linden Venture had previously been served with a summons and complaint in the Atkinson matter in mid April. El Paso retained Ed Fanning of McCarter English to represent Cogen's interests. We have worked with Ed in other Cogen matters before, and I have found him to be both effective and efficient. This matter relates to personal injuries allegedly suffered by Atkinson while working at a construction site at the Linden facility in December 2000. The document that I received today is a Notice of Motion to Consolidate and to Compel Inspection. This motion seeks to consolidate the Atkinson v. Co gen case with a case that was apparently also filed in New Jersey state court as Roger Atkinson v.