He and I have kept in contact through the years and we get together from time to time. We had dinner a few days ago and he asked me if I thought you might be interested in meeting with Ali Rodgrigues. He and my buddy have been friends for years and I thought I'd extend the offer. I don't know if there is an agenda or not. Just let me know if it's something you want to do. -Stan Jeff Skilling is unable to attend. Don't miss this exceptional speaker with great credentials. Dr. Bernard Harris will discuss the business side of the space program as well as its political future. meeting on June 12 at the Venetian Resort in Las Vegas. Information for Jeff Skilling from Kevin Scott ? Thank you for setting aside time to meet with me. I have attached my resume to help bring you up to date on my career. As you will see, I have been providing advisory services since 1995. During these years, I have done some of my best work. I am proud of the service that I have rendered as an independent consultant. Now, I feel it is time to move to a new chapter in my career. I look forward to sitting down with you to think through ways to apply my experience, intellect and energies to new professional challenges. I respect you tremendously, and wherever the next part of my career may lie, I know that my search and choice will benefit significantly from your perspective. I found it during a profoundly challenging period in my life. Your historic words of support helped me keep fighting and successfully moving forward. Unfortunately, Jeff Skilling is unable to attend. The Board of the Center for Houston's Future recently committed resoundingly to the creation of Goals and a Strategic Plan for Houston that will allow our community to achieve its extraordinary potential over the next decisive 20 years. This landmark program, already underway, will be assisted by many dedicated volunteers from throughout the community. The world and Houston are changing rapidly - what will be the new reality in 20 years and beyond? Most of all, what plans, resources, determination and leadership are necessary now to get Houston to its desirable future? If you are interested in what can be done to give Houston a great future worthy of its past - and particularly if you want to get involved - this is an outstanding opportunity to discourse with one of the citizens leading the charge.  He is chairman and has served as a director since 1970 of Dreyfus Founders Group of mutual funds Denver. Mr. Vaughan has been a trustee of Vanderbilt University Nashville since 1972. He is a director since 1990 and on the Executive Committee of the Greater Houston Partnership. He is Chairman of the Center for Houston 01,s Future whose mission is to help prepare Houston proactively for future opportunities and challenges. Mr. Vaughan is a director of the Houston Grand Opera Association, a trustee of Goodwill Industries and past chairman of The Houston Forum.