Ever wanted to talk substantively about a topic, while having a great dinner, but were afraid that your dinner guests would not be able to go the distance with you in the conversation? Modeled after a format that members David and Anne Grizzle and Danguole Spakevicius and William Altman have been enjoying for years, the Harvard Forum will provide an opportunity for an extended conversation with fellow club members. we'll have dinner, and then a panel of Harv ard grads will give brief introductions to the evening's topic from their perspective, and then we will all engage the topic for ourselves, first in a large group and then in small groups. The panel members will be knowledgeable, but not so expert that anyone will be intimidated. They will, however, be provocative to assure that the subsequent conversation is lively. You will come away knowing your fellow club members better than ever - maybe better than you ever wanted. The topic we've picked is one with which many of us have struggled. Our children may be growing up in a world far more affluent - privileged - than we enjoyed. How imperiled is their character by our success? What practical steps can we take to insure that we pass along to them the character values that we treasure? We plan to schedule a Harvard Forum every quarter. Because of the format, attendance is limited. Cindy Olson would be an appropriate person for you to contact within Enron. Guidance Hello Jeff A voice from the past. I wanted to gain your assistance to point me to the most appropriate person I could interview at Enron. So, someone who could provide an external perspective of how players in the industry are coping with the challenges as well as an internal perspective on Enron would be great for me to interview. If that means more than one individual, that is fine too. Hope this is not too much of an imposition. I'll undertake the conversation over the telephone and keep it short. Shyam Giridharadas Jeff has a meeting right after the building tour, so unfortunately he won't be able to attend. I am also going to Hobby Performing Arts immediately afterwards with Paul Hobby and we'd love to have Jeff join us for a short tour of that job as well. Unfortunately, Jeff doesn't have any information on Rick Barsky. Would you like for me to try and get information from anyone else? Bio says he was involved in start up of Enron Renewable Energy Corp. Bill and Jeff will have their own hardhats. Will they have their own hardhats or should I get some? In the March 2001 article of ecompany you recently made a statement about what " Keep's executives up at night? You dread the chance the system will crash. We had an air-conditioning problem last April or May, and we went down. The next day the front page of Gas Daily Journal had a story that said, ' gas trading stops because EnronOnline is down. It is proactive and autocorrective, designed to monitor key system resources and to take safe and effective action on an event before an outage ever occurs. Recently, Compaq decided to ship our software with every new Proliant server it delivers to its customers. It is brand-named Compaq Availability Agents. We believe our software could be of great value to Enron as the operation of your online business is so dependant on continuous server uptime. If you would, please let me know via email or phone the most convenient way in which to schedule a meeting with the team who runs your server operations. Christie, please tell me you don't have Jeff down for this function. He will be returning to Houston Monday afternoon.