Please pay in advance with check or credit card. My name is Tony Kishindo and I am the Senior Market Analyst for DeWolff Boberg and Associates. I am approaching you with hopes of scheduling some time on your calendar for an introductory meeting between yourself and my Vice President, Scott Bein. The meeting is 45 minutes long and we are not looking for any sort of commitment or decision at this point. We realize you may not be considering the services of an outside resource, now or in the foreseeable future. We non-the-less would appreciate the privilege of meeting with you, determining the compatibility of our two firms, and earning a place in your Rolodex. Regardless of the outcome of this meeting, we sincerely appreciate your kindness and courtesy. We offer our clients guaranteed process improvement and operations cost reduction. We guarantee a 20 - 30 increase in production in as little as 8 months. The reason the results are so quick is because we are not technology peddlers, we focus in on people, equipment and materials which we have found to be any companies most valuable assets. We offer our clients a security blanket when it comes to process improvement. I look forward to scheduling 45 minutes of your time at your nearest convenience. Follow-Up - Brent Larsen Joanie, May the 8th is about the only day that won't work. Should take about 45 minutes and I'll furnish the hard hats! You could contact Greg Piper to discuss. advanced arbitrage enabling technology out of Caltech Jeff, I'd like to introduce you to? iSpheres Corporationisco-founded by the Chairman of Computer Science Department at California Institute of Technology. iSpheres enables dynamic arbitrage opportunities in commodities trading. With iSpheres, trading firms wrap applications like steel marketplaces, energy marketplaces, demand planning systems, and production planning systems as components, and derive additional business value by monitoring these components for real time interdependent events and then reacting to those? iSpheres provides a software framework for developing and deploying these loosely-coupled Web Services or Meta-Applications. These applications are assembled from multiple components, each of which was previously itself an application and data source, to enable new business processes. For example, a 22 billion investment bank uses the iSpheres Meta Application Framework,? This enables them to optimize and automate the acquisition and response to relevant dynamic? events in their Market Intelligence information environment. The build out of the Internet and the rapid deployment of eBusiness applications over last several years has established the need and created the ability to build and deploy loosely-coupled Web Services or Meta Applications. Please advise, otherwise I'll follow up with you in 3-5 days. I have also e-mailed this to others at Enron? We need to get his daughter registered before next week's end if she is going to ride. Here's some good riding for the weekend. I've heard on the street that the Enron team is looking really good out there! If you've picked up your rider packet from us and are sporting the new green and yellow official water bottle you'll stand out in the crowd. They are not into general distribution yet. If you don't have yours yet, come see us tomorrow. 20 before January 31 , 25 after, 15 group or family of 4. T-shirts and goodie bag guaranteed to all pre-registrants.