EnronOnline Executive Summary for May 15, 2001 Following please find the Daily EnronOnline Executive Summary. Mr. Skilling will be travelling and unable to attend on May 24. The Houston Technology Center would like to invite you to attend the Houston Mentor Network Breakfast during which we will introduce a selection of our newest companies. Wrap-up/Networking I look forward to a great turnout! Jeff is travelling this week. Mr. Skilling is traveling for the remainder of this week, but will be back in the office on Monday. Judy Lay Allen, an associate of yours on the Federal Reserve board, spoke with Joannie Williamson today regarding my desire to interview at Enron. I am a graduate of Princeton University with two years experience in financial modeling and communications. I am in Houston through Friday evening and, given the short notice, would be grateful for any opportunity to meet with the appropriate person any time Thursday or Friday. I look forward to interviewing and applying my experience at Enron. doc Please let me know if you have any questions. I will send an e-mail with the in-room fax number tomorrow. Due to the fact that Jeff is unable to attend on July 19, I believe it would be better to reschedule the call for sometime next quarter. Telephone Call with Jerry Murdock Dear Mr. Skilling: I write on behalf of Jerry Murdock, who is currently in Europe. Mr. Murdock asked me to pass on the following information regarding your telephone call scheduled for 10: Insight Capital hosts a quarterly dinner with Robert Rubin and Steve Friedman and other selected guests. Our next dinner is scheduled for July 19 and will be held in Aspen, Colorado. The purpose of your conversation with Mr. Murdock is to discuss the above in more detail and to more fully brief you on the purpose of these dinners. Please do not hesitate to contact me should you require any further information. If it has been sent to you in error, please reply immediately to advise the sender of the error and then destroy this message, any copies of this message and any printout of this message. If you are not the intended recipient of the message, any unauthorized dissemination, distribution or copying of the material in this message, and any attachments to the message, is strictly forbidden. Erica, Jeff is currently scheduled to be on vacation July 19. Would it be possible to schedule during the next quarter? Telephone Call with Jerry Murdock Dear Mr. Skilling: I write on behalf of Jerry Murdock, who is currently in Europe. Mr. Murdock asked me to pass on the following information regarding your telephone call scheduled for 10: Insight Capital hosts a quarterly dinner with Robert Rubin and Steve Friedman and other selected guests. Our next dinner is scheduled for July 19 and will be held in Aspen, Colorado. The purpose of your conversation with Mr. Murdock is to discuss the above in more detail and to more fully brief you on the purpose of these dinners. Please do not hesitate to contact me should you require any further information. If it has been sent to you in error, please reply immediately to advise the sender of the error and then destroy this message, any copies of this message and any printout of this message. If you are not the intended recipient of the message, any unauthorized dissemination, distribution or copying of the material in this message, and any attachments to the message, is strictly forbidden. Thank you, Joannie Williamson Dottie Kerr dottie kerr-solutions. Second Invite There are only a few available spaces at the upcoming Harvard Forum.