This is the letter that I spoke of that was sent to me this morning from one of the ladies at my church. She also forwarded this message to several other women outside of our church. I want you to read it because I believe that it will encourage you to trust God if you are not and hold tight if you are because the effectual fervent prayers of the righteous do avail much. We try to meet every Monday night to pray over special prayer request that we have received along with praying for the needs our families, friends, church, government and even our enemies. Our meeting start at 7pm but we really don't get started praying until 8pm so if you want to touch and agree with us around that time that would be great. We're all in this together if you hurt we hurt. I am writing to each of you because I need you to be in prayer with me this week. For the past two months, I have been going to the doctor, because of a lump I found under my arm. As a result of that I have had to have a mammogram and an ultrasound of my breast. Both test came back abnormal and I am seeing a specialist this week to determine if I need to have a biopsy or not. Since God has given me the task of doing a mighty work for him the devil has been busy. So he has decided to try and pull me down once again. I refuse to be brought down off this spiritual high that is truly a blessing from God. That is why I am calling on all you prayer warriors I need you to be in prayer with me this week. I see the specialist on Thursday and I will know then if I need to have the biopsy. This is that silly Bin Laden video that I was telling you about yesterday. swf "I Love Ya' Suppose one morning you never wake up do all your friends know you love them? I could die today, tomorrow or next week and, I wondered if I had any wounds needing to be healed, friendships that needed rekindling, or three words needing to be said. Let every one of your friends know you love them. Even if you think they don't love you back, you would be amazed at what those three little words and a smile can do. Send this to at least 4 people you love and send it back to the person who sent it to you. The information in this email is confidential and may be legally privileged. It is intended solely for the addressee. Access to this email by anyone else is unauthorized. If you are not the intended recipient, any disclosure, copying, distribution or any action taken or omitted to be taken in reliance on it, is prohibited and may be unlawful. I was trying to get Pam to get Hope to confirm Nov. I'm not sure if that was yesterday or day before but they are speaking a little more openly about me leaving now and she mentioned that he hadn't returned her call. I think they know that 3 weeks is a bit much so I think the call that she made to Bill is more less to make sure that he doesn't need me any earlier. Give me a call please to let me know if there is anything else that I need to be doing at this time. What is her grade in your class as of today and did she ever turn that paper in that she missed that day? If it's ok with everyone's needs, I would like to leave 4pm. If you think you will need my assistance past the 4 o'clock hour just let me know I'll be more than willing to stay. Later after everything cools off and they ease up on the security we can use the instant messenger service. That church was a little slow compared to what I'm used too. It might be due to the fact that they are an interracial congregation. What is your friends name again that goes there? I wondered whose email address this was when I saw it on one of Uncle Joes emails. Thanks so much for the E postcards that you sent me. Oh, I need your physical address so I can send you something. Mrs. Dana Davette, Greeting to you in the name of my Lord and Savior Jesus! This is the letter that I spoke of that was sent to me this morning from one of the ladies at my church. She also forwarded this message to several other women outside of our church. I want you to read it because I believe that it will encourage you to trust God if you are not and hold tight if you are because the effectual fervent prayers of the righteous do avail much. We try to meet every Monday night to pray over special prayer request that we have received along with praying for the needs our families, friends, church, government and even our enemies. Our meeting start at 7pm but we really don't get started praying until 8pm so if you want to touch and agree with us around that time that would be great. We're all in this together if you hurt we hurt. I am writing to each of you because I need you to be in prayer with me this week. For the past two months, I have been going to the doctor, because of a lump I found under my arm. As a result of that I have had to have a mammogram and an ultrasound of my breast. Both test came back abnormal and I am seeing a specialist this week to determine if I need to have a biopsy or not.