E-Schedules Who has the E-schedules for co. Marnie is looking for them and the aren't in the file cabinet. Dana Willie - Have I sent this to you before? This is a good one, let me know what you think! Once upon a time, there lived a man who had a terrible passion for baked beans. He loved them, but they always had an embarrassing and somewhat lively reaction on him. When it became apparent that they would marry, he thought to himself, she'll never go through with the marriage with me carrying on like this, so he made the supreme sacrifice and gave up beans. A few months later, on the way home from work, his car broke down and since they lived in the country, he called his wife and told her that he would be late because he had to walk. On his way home, he passed a small cafe and the wonderful aroma of baked beans overwhelmed him. Since he still had several miles to walk, he figured he could walk off any ill effects before he got home. So he went in and ordered, and before leaving he had 3 extra large helpings of baked beans. By the time he arrived home he felt reasonably safe. His wife met him at the door and seemed somewhat excited. She exclaimed, "Darling, I have the most wonderful surprise for you for dinner tonight! She put a blindfold on him, and led him to his chair at the head of the table and made him promise not to peak. At this point he was beginning to feel another one coming on. Just as his wife was about to remove the blindfold, the telephone rang. She again made him promise not to peek until she returned, and away she went to answer the phone. While she was gone, he seized the opportunity. He shifter his weight to one leg and let it go. It was not only loud, but ripe as a rotten egg. He had a hard time breathing, so he felt for his napkin and fanned the air about him. He had just started to feel better, when another urge came on. It sounded like a diesel engine revving, and smelled worse. To keep from gagging, he tried fanning his arms awhile, hoping the smell would dissipate. He got another urge, this was the real blue-ribbon winner, the windows shook, the dishes on the table rattled and a minute later the flowers on the table were dead. While keeping an ear turned in on the conversation in the hallway, and keeping his promise of staying blindfolded, he carried on like this for the next ten minutes, farting and fanning each time with his napkin. When he heard the phone farewells, he neatly laid his napkin on his lap and folded his hands on top of it. Smiling contentedly, he was the picture of innocence when his wife walked in. To his shock and horror, there were twelve dinner guests seated around the table for his surprise dinner party. I didn't have a check off list of the ones that I made copies of and submitted but I do know for sure that I turned in Co. Marnie worked on them late made a comment about that Co. Were copies ever turned in to Keith Simper? E-Schedules Who has the E-schedules for co. Marnie is looking for them and the aren't in the file cabinet. Marnie is looking for them and the aren't in the file cabinet. I think I need to take a half day of vacation Friday, Oct. I am involved in some church activities next weekend and I won't find out if I need this time off until tonight or Wednesday night. Ballet Good morning ladies, The ballet is still on for Tuesday. I had originally planned to pick up each girl, however, I am on special assignment on the Southwest side of time. If they are not able to go, please let me know, so I can make arrangements to take another girl. Yesterday I made a dental appt. 11th 5pm but I need to leave at 4pm to get there on time. I have to finish a root canal that was started several months ago. Do you foresee a problem with me leaving at 4pm that day? These are the prayer request as follows. Sheryl Snoddy - for faith and total trust in God to supply all of her needs. Complete and total healing for her mate who indulges in alcohol abuse and verbal abuse toward her in front of their son Devon. Hi Grace- Kevin asked me to let you know that he spoke to Kim ? She said that they Kim Causey herself, the Program Mgr. I know that you are busy but this is just a reminder to forward me the calendar that we spoke of earlier.