If you don't send it back, it means that you are not a true friend. So send it to everyone that you never will forget. I am trying to do the majority of the necessary preparation for our trip before Friday. I am also still trying to decide whether or not we will do hair tonight. I did get some type of directions from Denise too. I am printing them now and placing them in my purse so we will have them. Morning - Would you mind terribly, taking a few minutes to jot down a brief set of directions to our retreat in Galveston please, sweetie, little kitty? Vacation I don't see that icon, but I don't really know what I'm looking for. Do you have the icon on your Lotus Notes workspace desktop? Just let us know for sure when you know. Vacation Marnie - I think I need to take a half day of vacation Friday, Oct. I am involved in some church activities next weekend and I won't find out if I need this time off until tonight or Wednesday night. Do you have the icon on your Lotus Notes workspace desktop? Just let us know for sure when you know. Vacation Marnie - I think I need to take a half day of vacation Friday, Oct. I am involved in some church activities next weekend and I won't find out if I need this time off until tonight or Wednesday night. Projected Vacation Schedule Dana, Can you send me a copy of your requested days so that I can update the vacation calendar? Accounts payable uses it to retrieve status on document such as invoice payments, wires, payment requests, etc I've just spoken to Pam and I think I'm requesting the right thing but using the wrong form. Will you please reject this so I can start all over? Sap Security Request Dana, what is this requesting? Sap Security Request That sounds nice but if we continue to make programs for M. Hey what do you think of this one, I even thought we could give what ever ones you won't use for the church's programs on Sunday. I read of a man who stood to speak At the funeral of a friend. He referred to the dates on her tombstone From the beginning. He noted that first came her date of birth And spoke the following date with tears, But he said what mattered most of all Was the dash between those years. l900-l970 For that dash represents all the time That she spent alive on earth. And now only those who loved her Know what that little line is worth. For it matters not, how much we own The cars. the cash, What matters is how we live and love And how we spend our dash. For you never know how much time is left, That can still be rearranged. If we could just slow down enough To consider what's true and real, And always try to understand The way other people feel. And be less quick to anger, And show appreciation more And love the people in our lives Like we've never loved before. If we treat each other with respect, And more often wear a smile. Remembering that this special dash Might only last a little while. So, when your eulogy's being read With your life's actions to rehash. Would you be proud of the things they say About how you spent your dash? Top Positive Living Tip of the Day Monday January 29, 2001 Your Environment Do you live or work in an environment that creates undue stress in your life? If so, realize your environment plays an important role in your life. Hostile environments create defensiveness, and an individual's negative behavior can directly affect others who are trying to maintain a healthy attitude. And hanging around negative friends and family members can reinforce your own negative traits. For example, your temper is under control as long as you are not around your older brother. In addition, negative people can induce others into developing the same negative attitudes and behaviors that they possess. It is true the company you keep is a reflection on you and can influence your behavior. Steer clear of negative environments and begin building a positive life. prayer I am writing to each of you because I need you to be in prayer with me this week. For the past two months, I have been going to the doctor, because of a lump I found under my arm. As a result of that I have had to have a mammogram and an ultrasound of my breast. Both test came back abnormal and I am seeing a specialist this week to determine if I need to have a biopsy or not. Since God has given me the task of doing a mighty work for him the devil has been busy.