There is no business applications selection under start programs on this machine. We need to think of something to do though. Please don't forget to make tee times for Saturday and Sunday. I was thinking around noon Saturday and around 4pm on Sunday Ryan can't make it untill then. I think Rob and I might try to golf or just hit some balls after work. If we do we will probably go to Tradition way North. If I'm not going to be home I could leave your Amex in an envelope at the office of my apartment or you could grab it when I get back. I went to Kelly Blue Book on the internet and they provide 2 values for used vehicles, a trade in value what you might expect to get for a vehicle from a dealer on trade in and a retail value what you might expect to pay for a vehicle from a dealer. The following were the values it came up with for a Jeep exactly like mine in Montana closest state. I think something like 23 000 to 25000 would be fair. Just ran into Teri at Starbucks and she sent me your e-mail. Hope all is well with you and your family. I have one of the pictures of Madison you gave Mom in my house. Anywany take care and if you find yourself in Calgary give me a call. Mikey, You checking this e-mail yet. Gowans called me last night and I got to hear all about how great her boyfriend is. I need you to make a copy of the check and send me that and a receipt. I hope you are having a good week. I am still a little tired from the weekend. Went out with my brother and a bunch of friends friday and saturday. I have cooking class 2 tonight soups and stocks. Starting to get a little busier at work. Hopefully we will be up and trading sometime next week. If you aren't busy we should do something on Saturday night. Have a great week and I will talk to you soon. Have you looked in to the stock option line item on my pay stub yet? The number on the stub is about 36000 and I think about 18000 is accurate. Lovin' life in Calgary and looking forward to getting back to work. Hope your golf game and chika are doing equally well. Any progress getting us access to the fundy site? We would really like to be able to look at the weather ect. I don't know if you've heard but I am moving to Houston at the end of September. Can you figure this out and let me know. Just wondering if you guys had looked into the mystery option exercise income that is showing up on my pay stub? Mine has been pretty crazy but we're half way there. I still haven't received a 401K package. I am planning to come to Houston Wednesday and Thursday to sit with the East desk. Unless that is going to create problems, would you mind letting them know that I'm coming. Ryan and I are going to go snowboarding on Friday the 24th. I was suffering a little post purchase anxiety but I'm over it. It helps having a couple of good friends who have been here a while. I hope you have pictures from Halloween. I am going to buy a playstation sometime this week. I am leaving the afternoon of Friday December 15th and I will be back in the office on Tuesday December 26. Trading power is not for the faint of heart. This is susposed to be the quiet season and I can't believe the volatility. I will have to come for a visit some time to escape the Houston heat. I am going to fly out the afternoon of Nov. 21 and will be back in the office on Monday the Nov. The guy who had the party is Rob Milnthorp. Jon Mckay runs Canadian trading and is my immediate boss. I think that you should make her something. Perhaps you could draw a picture or make something out of paper mache. I'll stop by Tiffany's and see if they have anything to go with her bracelet and earings from x-mas. cd Rod, What do you think of the Canadian bank stocks? I know that the discount is due regulation no take overs or mergers but in a 4 interest rate environment a 4 dividend yield looks pretty attractive. Not to mention they continue to crank out earnings quarter after quarter. Dave is in Mexico but I will call Scott and see if he has plans. We might be having a trading group bonding session dinner and intense drunkeness on Friday at my boss's hoose but if not I'd love to check out the game. I'm looking for 4 tickets for Friday's Astros game.