I had smoozing to do and didn't want to neglect our customers. Just so you know we are expecting the coldest weather in 4-5 years to hit Alberta this weekend and next week. Temps of -40 celcius are not out of the question. How was your final stampede weekend? I have a cold so I layed pretty low this weekend. Hear you are working pretty crazy hours. I have a post stampede cold so I won't be doing much other than work and sleep for a few days. Take it easy and write back when you get a minute. We've been working the homeboy language in the broker market all week. You can buy memory cards for most players. I was wondering why I wasn't getting any mail. Could you please send me that stuff through intercompany mail. If they can't straighten it out I'll send you your mail a couple times a week through inter-company mail. The have Mike's Hard and stuff like that. I generally never go out during the week. I was home by 7pm yesterday but I am an enormous baby when it comes to hangovers. I'm not going to the rodeo on Friday but I am going to the chucks that night. Kim, I am getting parking deducted twice from my pay check. Who do I contact to straighten that out? Went to the rodeo and then to Nashville North yesterday so feeling a little fuzzy today. I'm not doing anything today but tommorow I am going to the rodeo and then to a big industry party so that should be good for a headache. Friday I'm going to the Chick Wagon party and Saturday to Nashville North with the boys. Weather has been good and looks like that will continue. I don't know where our seats at the rodeo are. Yesterday they were at the north end of the infield but I have no idea where they are for tommorow. A word to the wise, avoid the draft beer at the rodeo. You just can't appreciate the sense of humor one develops in my line of work. I should be home all night but do call first in case I'm outside working in the garden. When I think of sunnies I think of those little glasses you wear in tanning beds. I wore them while I was hangin' around the house last night. Maybe it wasn't the sunglasses but the "Sweatin' to the Oldies" I was blaring on my stereo all night. I think Richard Simmons is a totally misunderstood genius. I'm going to the rodeo this afternoon so that should be good. cd Lavorato never let his people put their titles on business cards until they became managers. I think they look more professional with titles. I am 80 going to the rodeo on Thursday. It is the Enron customer party that day. As for Nashville North I don't know if we are going there or somewhere else after. I am a huge bed wetter when it comes to drinking on school nights. I likely won't be going out again until Friday or Saturday. Am I going to get an eye infection if I continue to wear your sunglasses around town? Tonight I will be around in the evening. If you are lucky I might even buy you a cup of coffee. Dusting off my cowboy hat and going stampeding tomorrow. I'll try to give you a call tonight or on the weekend. Just wanted to confirm that you sent the package I left on your desk. Did you get everything straightened out with the movers? Can you come and see me when you get in. We need to do more to tie out the risk in our physical book than agree on the number of molecules we are long or short. My model breaks out the positions by every type of risk profile. We need to produce a report from the Intra-month book that we can use to tie out. If that doesn't exist we should talk systems about creating it. Hopefully this will prevent any future blow ups. I will fax copies of my diploma and transcripts as soon as I recieve them. I paid for the Y membership with my Visa. I have tied out positions as of June 6 trading. I have to set up the economics page but that shouldn't take long. What about reversals from our currency book? Which way do the reversals from the other books go? The cash deals aren't all in the model June 1 - June 6 because the physical position doesn't balance but I will talk to Mike about that. I can see a light at the end of the tunnel. Hopefully this makes things easier on you. What document are you referring to in this e-mail? I have received so much stuff lately I don't know what I have and what I don't have. Dianne, Do you keep a copy of the spreadsheet you send me everyday? I need some days in May for a new economics model that I am building. I am sorry I was short with you on the phone. The gas market is a total shit show and our economics are out by 1M. I worked until midnight last night and I am very tired. Danny and I can leave after dinner or first thing in the morning on Sunday. I received the benefit book and will look through it tonight. Do you know the name of the lady I am susposed to be in contact with at Enron relocation services? She called me yesterday but I have forgotten her name.