I am going to go for a couple of drinks after work but nothing out of hand. Mike called me and said he wanted to hook up with Johnny tonight. I don't really want to go back to Red Deer to go out. Chris Thanx I guess the question is whether the cost of pending lawsuits is priced into the stock? Break off Miller and Kraft and let the death merchant division die slowly. The trader from Houston called me this morning. Could you see that it is booked properly. Thanx, Chris Anne, I still haven't received any pay stubs since I have been in Houston. Could you send my something in the inter-company mail so I can see if my mail stop has been really been changed? I haven't received any mail of any kind which seems kind of weird. There continues to be confusion concerning the Premstar deals. Chris I am organizing a bachelor party and am interested in information on group rates and facility availability. Our group will require 5-7 tee times, dinner and cocktails. There is some confusion regarding the premstar deal from yesterday. Could you come see me when you get a minute. Chris Kathy, Could we sit down for about a half an hour this afternoon. Let me know when you have a few minutes any time after 2pm. I have been running around like a chicken with my head cut off trying to get ready to move. Went to Red Deer this weekend and played a little golf. I just want to double check that it is being represented properly in our currency positions. You should rethink coming up to Kelowna for May long. Thinking of going to the bay area to visit some friends sometime soon. Send me your number and I'll give you a call. How are things going? I trust that you are adjusting relatively easily. Things have been relatively quiet lately. Doing a little snowboarding and watching lots of movies. Trying to drag my lazy ass to the gym at least 4 days a week. Things are looking good for a repeat today. Laird popped by today and brought us some lattes and saw the office. For all your hard work we are actually getting some term business done with Optimum now. Take care, Chris Can you please remove me from this distribution list. I am now in East Power Trading in Houston. Thanx Chris Dorland Howdie, What's the new job? I'm good for sushi any day next week Tues-Fri. I'm off to Kimberly snowboarding this weekend. I've done some good snowboarding trips lately Lake Tahoe and Fernie. Not making big lately but things are looking up. You need to come check out my new home theater system, it's crazy! See you next week, Chris Please don't change any deals until we have spoken. I need to talk to John about how these changes will affect his positions. Hope you found a great place to live. It is ridiculous how expensive flats are in London. Tahoe was too much traveling for that short of a stay. Good weather, good friends, beautiful scenery, all right snowboarding, shitty food, cheesy casinos and too much time in fucking airports. Things have been relatively slow and the market is very choppy. You have to go out for Middle Eastern food. I think it is on Oxford street but I'll find out for sure. Chris Carol, Fed Ex missed me on Saturday but are going to deliver it to the office today hopefully. Thanx, Chris Brad, Could you e-mail me your mailing address so I can send off a cheque. What did you think of that Enron announcement? Good to hear you arrived safely. I am trying to take it relatively easy on Rob. Keep in touch, Chris Dianne, Can you break out buys and sells separately. That format would make it easier for me to transfer the info. What do you say to a little Amsterdam trip in April? I think he should get out of that business altogether. Take care, Chris Kramer, Cowan is trading Alberta cash and I'm trading the front of the curve. Lavo still trades the term in Alberta but is never around. As for Benny, after an unfortunate incident at September's craw fish boil, he has moved to Houston to trade power. Drop me a line with a number where you can be reached. I don't know if you know much about that stuff but your thoughts would be greatly appreciated. I have a friend in the Internet group at Goldman Sach's and I've talked to him about it but I want insight from someone inside the industry. There is a revolution going on and I think I am the only one not getting rich off of it.