They have a good risk tolerance and are more or less going to give us limits and let us do our own thing. Hopefully a little more stable than Enron. I think the largest financial instituion in the world should be. Anyway give me a call if you get to Calgary and we will grab some food. I don't think I'm going to take it after watching the hell he went through. Back in Canada and up to my eye balls in work already. I don't think I'll be travelling for a while. Can you change my mailing address with Mackenzie to my new address please. I think they have my Houston address on some stuff and mom and dad's address on others. We'll have to get together the next time I am in Red Deer. Let me know when you have a minute and I will drop them off. Any progress on the direct line with the west desk? If we need to use a different circuit or something let me know. I called Mike Grigsby and asked him to look into it on his end. It is important that we get this line working as soon as possible. Can you light a fire under the phone guys in Houston to look into fixing our line. I'll talk to our guy and get his gas in gear. I can't manage physical product on eol stack manager. Can you change my profile so that I can? Nov-Mar Physical Huntington Index Nav, How are you doing? I have been trading nat gas for about 3 years. I am moving to Houston at the end of the month. I will probably have a heart attack at 26 but that's life. I am told that this won't be done untill next week? because Brian Gillis is out of the office. Just so you know I back of the envelope calc. Could you please give me access to the west desk info. Can you do me a favor and get my name taken off the Brad Galante e-mail list for plant outages? Cancelled my trip to Vancouver this weekend. Car I was going to look at sold already. Looks like things are going to get busy again. They have a good risk tolerance and are more or less going to give us limits and let us do our own thing. Hopefully a little more stable than Enron. I think the largest financial instituion in the world should be. Anyway give me a call if you get to Calgary and we will grab some food. As I will be in Calgary in Monday the corrected version should probably just be sent to Dawn. I was talking to Kevin Presto and he mentioned that you have a plane going to Portland. I need to get to Calgary and Kevin suggested I look into catching a ride with you and getting them to swing north and drop me off on their way back. Can you make sure that the guys in Calgary have access to the new fundy's site. I am going to get fucked on broker gifts this X-mas. I am in the Houston office this week from Monday to Thursday but I will be in and out quite a bit meeting with movers and clearing up loose ends. If we need to get together before I go we should probably plan to do so Monday or Tuesday as I will be packing and moving much of Wednesday and Thursday. Let me know when you would like to get together. I am moving back to Canada to trade gas but I would really like to get your daily technical sheet. Could you e-mail it to me or perhaps start posting it on the commodity fundy's site? Dan is going to come to town this weekend. I was thinking of going to the deer on friday and then going out in Calgary saturday night. So it cost me 5000 to drive that car for a year. Have you and mom had any problems with her jeep? I am not coming to Vancouver this weekend after all. The car I really wanted to look at sold so I am postponing my trip. I will probably be coming out in the next month or so and I will let you know. Do you have John Hughes' e-mail address? I was looking at the wrong bank statement. What are you driving these days? I'm selling my car cheap because it will cost me a fortune to take it back to Canada. Let me know if you or any of your buddies want to check it out. I don't have your work number.