As you can see, there is a major technology slant to this year's program. We would love to have some representation from Enron in the audience. Second, we are still accepting corporate sponsorship for the event. I have attached a copy of our Sponsorship Opportunities brochure that describes the various levels 10K - 100K , and the benefits of each sponsorship tier. This is a great program to be associated with - both high-quality speakers and a prestigious audience. Mike Milken and I hope to be able to count on your organization for support. We anticipate a global audience of 1,500 - senior people from the financial sector, business, technology, academia, the policy community and all the major media. In just two years, our Global Conference has become a significant and influential gathering for discussion, debate and networking on key business, economic, financial and policy questions. Don't miss the Milken Institute's annual Global Conference, March 8-10, 2000, in Los Angeles. For program and registration information, go to our web site at. The reason Ken and Linda were trying to reach you from the plane was that they had some suggestions for the hotel rooms and wanted you to know their preference. They would like to give the Jasmine Suite that they are currently in to the Vittors with a connecting bedroom, to take care of their family. They would like Mark and Natalie to have the end or corner suite that the Vittors have. Ken and Linda said that they would prefer two connecting rooms, hopefully on the 3rd or 4th floor. They would like for the rooms to have the ocean view on the North side. The two rooms would give them everything they need, with 2 baths. They said they can be reached in Switzerland tomorrow. I know you will have a beautiful and wonderful wedding! Thank you so much for including me on the Save the Date list. Unfortunately, we won't be able to come. Our "first" anniversary is June 3, but was 1961! Take care and call if we can do anything. Rosie Not interested service sbsubscriber. Urgent - Please Respond We're sorry the web site address embedded in the email we sent you yesterday contained an error. Please try again using the revised address shown in the text below. Your copy of 'Strategy Business' issue 18 is in the mail. This issue of 'Strategy Business' may be your last. Postal and audit regulations strictly limit the number of complimentary copies we can serve. Recently we emailed you to ask for confirmation that you would like to continue your subscription. It will only take a few moments, and will insure that you don't miss a single issue of the magazine that brings you the Best Ideas in Business. You can also use our Subscriber Services Center to order extra copies of Strategy Business, change your delivery address, or notify us of any delivery problems. And let me have your views on how it works. Over the past week I have heard from many thoughtful and concerned citizens about their opinions on Chief Kroeker. About an hour ago, I held a news conference to release the statement below in response. I wanted to make sure you were able to read it in its entirety. You are a part of my e-Katz list because of your work with me or my administration. For more information on the Katz administration, visit our website at. Statement Regarding Police Chief Mark Kroeker "I take my responsibilities as police commissioner very seriously. I have reviewed this situation with care. I want to thank those who provided me feedback either in person, over the telephone or through e-mail. "The performance of any individual in my administration ultimately rests with me. I want to apologize for the concern, pain and fear caused by the taped comments made years ago by Chief Kroeker. His taped comments in no way reflect my own personal beliefs. Can Chief Kroeker separate his personal religious views from his professional conduct? "I have determined that he manages his duties without bias and will continue to do so. His performance has met my expectations. He is leading the bureau in a fair, respectful and inclusive manner. He is moving our law enforcement efforts to a higher level of community policing. Therefore, I have asked Mark Kroeker to stay on as Chief of Police.