The event will take place at the Ronald Reagan International Trade Center. I am writing to invite Enron to become a sponsor of this event. We hope to secure five sponsors at 10,000 to underwrite the costs of this event. Each sponsor will be entitled to one seat at the head table with Secretary Albright and one table of 10 at the luncheon for its guests, in addition to their attendance at the media briefing before Secretary Albright's speech. In addition we will acknowledge all sponsors on the event announcement. The program agenda appears following my signature block in this e-mail. I apologize for the short notice for this opportunity, but the Department of State only last week confirmed Secretary Albright's schedule. I hope that you will be able to accept this invitation. Ideally we'd like to go to press with our program announcement by the end of the week. Please be in touch with Rob Radtke either by phone 212-327-9238 until the end of this week, after which he will be in Asia, or by e-mail at rradtke asiasoc. Clinton will visit South Asia from March 20-26th this year, the first visit by a U. He will visit Bangladesh and perhaps Pakistan, but will spend the bulk of his time in India, reflecting the primary objective of this visit- to develop a broader, more multi-faceted relationship between the world's oldest and the world's largest democracies. Asia Society will provide a briefing to the media and interested members of the general public. the context for the Clinton visit, an overview of his planned activities, the issues he will discuss with leaders in South Asia, and the implications of this visit for the United States. He will both describe India's domestic politics and highlight what issues are most at stake--and what these histories suggest for President Clinton's trip. He will provide his perspective on India and the United States, how they perceive and misperceive each other, and how some of the misperceptions might be addressed. 00pm Luncheon with Keynote Address by Secretary of State Madeleine Albright Secretary of State Madeleine Albright will present the Administration's position on South Asia over a luncheon following the Media Briefing. Hi Rebecca - In fact, the Consul General of Ghana, Jack Webb, has called Ken asking him to meet with the Ambassador to Ghana March 10 or 11 when he will be in Houston. I had put a message on Ken's messages last evening asking if you could handle this if you are available, so hopefully he will say yes - especially after he sees your message. I wanted to get back with regarding your question of Ghana. You might remember that Ralph Hodge had indicated to you that you may well be hearing from the Ghanaian Ambassador. Ralph believes that he will try to facilitate a meeting between you and Chevron. We have been working Ghana pretty hard, including the West African Gas Pipeline, the Effasu Power Project, a marketing company and a host of other possibilities. We have told the Ghanaians that with what is going on right now in Nigeria, the loss of projects in Cote d'Ivoire due to the coup d'etat, and the lack of speed in moving forward in Ghana , that we are slowing down a bit to determine if we can resolve current projects before taking on additional ones. I am reluctant to tell Ghana that we are slowing down generally in Africa because I don't want to hurt the barge deal or jepordize the possible resolution of the large snowball in Mozambique and there is truth to the Cote d'Ivoire and Nigeria issues. And, of course, I don't want to alienate Ghana generally. I will deliver this message, hopefully diverting the call to you. If he does get to you first, he won't be upset for you to send him on to me, I don't believe. If there is any clarification, please give me a holler. I hope the office opening has gone well. I've extracted many a promise from participants to drink a pint for me. Regards Rebecca Dolores, this is the call to Ken that we talked about. I appreciate Mark handling this for him. He would like to talk to you about a refinery in California. We need a 10 million investment by an industry participant to validate to the Swiss insurance company that is putting up the financing. Ken said that given he will be in town on March 15, he will plan to attend the meeting also. By way of this e-mail, I'll check with Joe's office to see what time it's scheduled.