Alan Greenspan has guided and presided over the longest economic expansion in the history of the U. All of Greenspan's training and experience have taught him how to cope with conventional downturns. And so far, he's dealing with this one in the conventional manner by cutting short-term interest rates in quick but measured steps. That may well prove to be the right course. But there's a risk that this downturn is different and that far steeper cuts in interest rates are needed to keep the New Economy from tumbling into a long and painful recession. In short, Alan Greenspan is feeling the heat of a market in tatters and an economy that, by some measures, appears to be on the brink. And after ridin g triumphantly astride the economic boom times, his very legacy is suddenly a t stake. downturn, the region's fragile economies may see their recent gains swept away By Brian Bremner in Tokyo, with Frederick Balfour in Bangkok, Michael Shari in Singapore, Moon Ihlwan in Seoul, and Pete Engardio in New York The U. is clearly worried about Japan falling into a catastrophic slide. How decisions in Tokyo could undermine the precarious economic state of other Asian nations. In South Korea and also in Southeast Asia, the export-led recovery of the past two years is starting to slow because of the downturn in the U. Growth in Korea, Thailand, Malaysia, Singapore, and Indonesia is expected to slow this year to between 3 and 4. The last thing these economies need is to compete for a dwindling export market with a Japan now reliant on a weaker yen. Second, Japan is yanking investment from the region, and now there's the yen threat. Finally, China is soaking up a growing slice of foreign investment, a trend that will accelerate once it enters the World Trade Organization. A teaming workfo rce with dim prospects. Politicians who know urgent measures are needed but who won't act. Call it Japan disease and it's starting to set in acr oss the once-booming emerging markets of East Asia. Unfortunately, East Asia has not used the nearly four years since its financial meltdown wisely. Most of Asia can arrest Japan disease before paralysis sets in. But politicians see m to have lost their will to force sales of distressed assets, close failed banks, and open their markets wider to foreign investors. Germany's stalled reforms are slowing growth By Jack Ewing in Frankfurt, with Christine Tierney in Frankfurt and Carol Matlack in Paris Since its last recession ended a decade ago, the Germany economy has struggled to get out of first gear. Economists, business people and politicians thought the sorry performance was a temporary product of West Germany's costly and badly managed reunification with the ex-Communist East. There have been worrying economic indicators, including nine months of sinking business confidence, an uptick in unemployment and a collapse in car sales. Germany's 82 million people account for a third of gross dom estic product among euro countries. No regional boom is possible without them. Optimists think its slower growth is a temporary effect of economic malaise in the U. Pessimists think the problems relate to Germany's persistent welfare state, its coddled workers, maybe even its risk-averse culture. Some tough times lie ahead for Germany, and for the entire Continent. But don 01,t look to the European Central Bank to fol low the U. Federal Reserve with interest rate cuts just yet. The monetary conservatives who dominate its 18-member governing council see their role a s fighting inflation rather than stimulating growth. So with prices rising at an annualized 2. But there are plenty of reasons why it should. A cut now would give the European economy a much needed boost. But businesspeople aren't convinced. By Colin Barraclough in Buenos Aires, with bureau reports On Mar. 20, Argentines awoke to the news that the 54-year-old Harvard University-trained economist who rescued their country from hyperinflation more than a decade ago was back in his old job. Cavallo is the third man to hold the post of Economy Minister in as many weeks. To win the support of opposition politicians, Cavallo must take a different tack than L? Cavallo has already abandoned his predecessor 01,s plan to push through draconian spending cuts. Instead, he aims to narrow Argentina 01,s fiscal deficit by 3 billion this year by rekindling growth, thereby boosting tax collection.