I have also had a few participants notify me that they will be unable to attend. With this in mind, I am hoping that you will make yourself available to participate in this event. Please respond via e-mail or give me a call 3-4585 and let me know if you will be able to represent Enron at this event. I will then give you the logistics for the event. I like the trip idea better than a party, personally, so I am glad that Mom and Dad seemed to like that alternative. And in June, I think that the mountains sound great. I have a preference for Western mountains -- big, open sky Grand Tetons could be great , but if Mom pictures North Carolina as the spot I am sure that we can find something good. We were in Ashville a couple of years ago, which was very near the Blue Ridge. We stayed at a place that was supposed to be terrific, but we did not care for it. I am sure that there are other places in the area to research. There may also be some spots around Charlottesville, also just off the Blue Ridge. I think that some people from here have vacationed in that area, so I will ask around and see if there are any good suggestions. In magazines, I have seen pictures of places in Tennessee and Georgia I guess they do have mountains that look nice. I will see if I can find the names of those places. Thanks for pursuing this with Mom and Dad. anniversary Met Mom and Dad for dinner last night. I did some pushing for the anniversary decision. Mom was quite adamant about not liking cruises Mom, adamant? What did seem to appeal was a trip to the mountains really! I know there are some ski resorts there--something like that would also offer our little and not-so-little ones something to do. I've been searching the web for places during lunch. Will compile some info and let you know. The record on Friday showed that 127 employees from Energy Operations had pledged dollars to the United Way campaign. Large number, but still percentage-wise smaller than we would like. I sent the message below to all Energy Operations employees on Friday afternoon. We'll see in a few days if this helped on contributions. Two weeks ago I toured the Depelchin Center, one of the organizations that receives much of its funding from the United Way. I was surprised to find out about the many programs that the center offers to neglected and abused Houston children and the caring adults who will open their homes as foster parents. I had already completed my electronic pledge card before going to the center. Learning about the important programs offered through Depelchin and meeting four year-old Jessica and ten year-old Steven who were temporarily housed there before going to foster homes made me very glad to have made that pledge. Hopefully, many of you take advantage of this to stretch your charitable giving during the year. The United Way campaign is the one time each year that Enron invites employees to partner with the company to make a difference in the lives of so many in Houston. Each dollar pledged by an employee is matched by Enron. If you have not yet completed your electronic pledge, please consider doing so as soon as possible. I hope that each one of you will consider making a pledge. There is no gift that is too small, because cumulatively all Enron employees can make a significant positive impact for Houston. Thanks to the many of you who have already completed your electronic pledge. Two weeks ago I toured the Depelchin Center, one of the organizations that receives much of its funding from the United Way. I was surprised to find out about the many programs that the center offers to neglected and abused Houston children and the caring adults who will open their homes as foster parents. I had already completed my electronic pledge card before going to the center. Learning about the important programs offered through Depelchin and meeting four year-old Jessica and ten year-old Steven who were temporarily housed there before going to foster homes made me very glad to have made that pledge. If you have not yet completed your electronic pledge, please consider doing so as soon as possible. Our United Way campaign draws to its conclusion next Wednesday, August 23. I hope that each one of you will consider making a pledge. There is no gift that is too small, because cumulatively all Enron employees can make a significant positive impact for Houston. Thanks for setting this up and for copying me on the schedule. Hopefully, this will be fruitful for everyone. And maybe unnecessary at some point in time!