I'm sure Nick would put me up - scarey. Also, I sent Katy an email about coming to visit so hopefully we can get everything squared away soon. Talk to you soon, Sue Don't worry about me thinking any of this is in any way due to a shortcoming on my part. Rather, I am convinced he wasn't expecting the full package when we first went out and as soon as he realized that I was, he freaked. I'm beginning to think it's more than just a coincidence that the last time we went out I let down one of the last walls I was holding up as far as trusting him and it was right after that that he started acting aloof. Hey Katy, Sorry no correspondence in a while. I wish it was a case of no news is good news, but if you've spoken with Em recently you know that is not so. Anyway, I wanted to touch base with you regarding my visit to London. I of course want to try and time it when both you and Em are in town. I was thinking of flying out on Oct 4 and returning Oct 9, that way I would have a weekend over there with y'all. I know you're planning a trip to Egypt around then so just get back to me and let me know if you'll actually be in London any of those days. Talk to you soon, Susan Hey Darren, Thanks for the prompt response. Sorry you won't be able to make it, but I will definitely keep you posted regarding any future group outings especially since I still owe you a beer. Glad you liked the quote, it does provide a good chuckle. If I'd have known you were going to be in London this week I would have forewarned Katy and Emily as they're both over there now as well - I assume you're there for work though and therefore a tad busy. Anyway, hope you're having a good time and not working too hard. Unfortunately I will not be able to participate. I will not return from London until Friday maybe Thursday night. Love the quote--and I agree whole-heartedly. Hey everyone, Just wanted to test the waters and see what kind of interest there was in doing Steak Night tomorrow night at Little Woodrows. I feel like it's been a while since we really rallied the troops and I know I have personally missed the interaction. It's also been a while since we've attempted to solve the worlds problems over cold Shiner and I think the world may be the worse for it. So, get back to me and let me know if anyone's up for an evening of eating, drinking and most definitely being merry. I say "think" because he hasn't said anything one way or the other, it's just a vibe I have. So I don't think you guys are going to have a chance to meet him while your in Houston. Oh well, it was definitely fun while things were going well so I suppose I should focus on that. I just want to know why guys can be such, as dad would say, chicken shits excuse my language but the description fits. I hope all is well and that you're taking full advantage of all the 'culture' surrounding you. We went to the first football game of the season Saturday against Louisiana Lafayette. Texas won 52-10, and you wouldn't know if from the score but the 1st quarter was a little bit scarey 0-10. Simms started the game but only played about 2 series before they yanked him and put Applewhite in to put some points on the board. Simms did come back in the second half and through a touch-down pass. The family's good and we're all excited to see you guys in the near future. Write back soon, Susan Humor is the best medicine. So I'm thinking of taking the T-shirt Ted gave me from Beaver Creek and writing this on the back of it. I dated Ted Noble and all I have to show for it is this lousy T-shirt. I was wondering if you had fallen off the face of the earth. It is definitely good to hear from you, I was just thinking about you today and wondering what you're up to. I'm actually going to meet with the development manager for the analyst program to discuss what my options are after this second rotation is up. Of course my goal is to do a rotation in London for a year and then get promoted to the Associate program so basically I'm going to ask this lady tomorrow what I need to do to ensure that outcome. Honestly, I think my odds are pretty good. Glad to hear everything with you is going so well, not that I'm surprised. Congrats on the new responsibilites they must be keeping you pretty busy up there any trips scheduled to Houston in the near future? if you would of asked me a week or two ago I would have said fantastic, incredible, etc. Now, I just don't know. For the life of me I am never going to be able to figure out your gender. But as they say, "Hope springs eternal" and I intend to remain an optimist despite many road blocks. I know a lot has happen, i was hopping that you would bring me up to date with what is going on with you and work, and your social life. Work is great, though very strssful and demanding. I'm now Manager of Internet Marketing and Manager of Alliances. NewPower is doing great and you will hear a lot about us in the near future. Big summer, like a little rock super star.