Best wilson Hope your move into the new apartment went well. I'm sure you are going to have so much fun living there, especially since you really will have a roommate now. Thought I'd give you a little bit of an update regarding Ted. So I didn't get back to the office until Wednesday last week because I was in Austin Tuesday for that recruiting trip. When I got in I of course immediately checked my email. I also didn't have any messages at any of the 3 phones I can be reached through. Come Thursday afternoon, still no interaction. He asks me about San Diego and I ask him about Austin. He informs me that he is going to be trading corn yes, you heard me corn for Enron. While he is very excited about trading I get the impression he feels a little overwhelmed and he is a very concerned about how much trading will limit his vacation time. He said that he and Darren the guy he works with had been meeting with consultants all week to get up to speed and therefore the week had pretty much just been one long meeting. It is around this time that he brings up the vacation thing and how, to his dismay, as a trader you work when the markets are open and you're only off when they're closed. I'm down on his floor again on Friday to talk to my old group and, to my dismay, run in to him. I will probably not have time to look at them until later in the afternoon tomorrow, at which time I will also do a lot more writing i. In other words, of greatest interest to me right now are your ideas on the best way to rebut the Shippers' arguments including identifying those that might be safe to ignore. An incident with a love partner throws you for a loop, causing a bit of deja-vu. Dwelling on the past is wrong, wrong, wrong so don't! Time to concentrate on the bounty of the present, tender crab. Cynthia, All of the deals below have been rebooked except for the one in red. For some reason I can't find the counterparty in the system. You may want to check and see if it has been set up yet, if it has let me know the proper name I may be looking for the wrong counterparty and I will rebook it as well. Can you set up the counterparties for the following missing deals? But, let me know when you would be able to set these up. These are the leftover deals from that original list that I submitted to you. I am pulling across all the new ones that you set up for me last week. Hey Em, First things first, I got the personality test. The first time I was a Mastermind like Katy and the second I was a Mentor like Matt I think I only changed two answers between the first and second test. Anyway, definitely a fun little intro to a rather boring Monday morning. I was trying to remember where we left on in the saga of Ted Noble. I guess the last time I had emailed you Ted had to spend the night at Darren's apartment because he'd left his keys in his locker at the Met. Well, if you'll remember at the end of the email he said he'd talk to me later, which is extremely relevant considering he was supposed to tell me whether we could go get a drink that night or not. I knew he had his presentation that day so I figured he'd call later that afternoon to tell me yeah or neah. I received no call, no email, no nothing. Of course, always wanting to give others the benefit of the doubt I figured the presentation must have taken longer than expected and afterward he'd decided to just go to Austin and pick up his friend from the airport. If that were the case, knowing Ted, I thought he must have just forgotten that he'd told me he'd call. He didn't see me though nor did he try communicate with me at all that day. I didn't get back to the office until Wednesday because I was in Austin Tuesday for a recruiting trip. When I got in I of course immediately checked my email. I also didn't have any messages at any of the 3 phones I can be reached through. So it's now Thursday afternoon, still no interaction. He asks me about San Diego and I ask him about Austin. He informs me that he is going to be trading corn yes, you heard me corn for Enron. While he is very excited about trading I get the impression he feels a little overwhelmed and he is a very concerned about how much trading will limit his vacation time. He said that he and Darren had been meeting with consultants all week to get up to speed and therefore the week had pretty much just been one long string of meetings. It is around this point that he brings up the vacation thing and how, to his dismay, as a trader you work when the markets are open and you're only off when they're closed. 