So was Darren there last night to meet her or do you just think they'd make a good match? Hope you day is going well and that the move to 30 went off without a hitch. Shorty -- Due to the lack of response yesterday, I'm beginning to worry about your success with the road test. I'm going to assume that you didn't get around to it. Maybe you should ignore the sentiment of the quote I sent earlier. I think you may be adhering to it too faithfully. At this rate we may have to start pinning notes to your shirt to remind you to do things. However, having driven with you on several occasions I feel confident you will be able to pass the test with flying colors. Keep in mind though that if you end up failing I will not let you forget it and, as we have established, I have the memory of an elephant. I'll keep discussion of me to a minimum and just say that things are well on 32. Thought you'd like to know that the Dixie Chicks are coming back to Houston Dec. 12 and will performing just down the street from you at the Compaq Center. I know I need some of your organizational skills. I may try to run out and take the test this afternoon while I get moved to 30 I better not fail it. How's life on 32 today -- well that's enough about you let's talk more about me. There is no pleasure in having nothing to do the fun is in having lots to do and not doing it. -Mary Little Hey, My week is actually going very well so far my trader left around noon so today should be a piece of cake. I know you guys have been working really hard the last couple of days, but I hope it paid off and the presentation went well yesterday. However, given your comment about y'alls idea getting the axe in the short term, I'm not sure that was necessarily the case. Anyway, I'm sure at least your steak dinner was a hit so were you able to resist the red wine this time, you lush? In keeping with my very serious nature yes, you heard me serious , I've attached little story for you. I got a pretty good chuckle out of this one. - Thanks again for carting me around and feeding me Saturday. Southwest Airlines A mother and her son were flying Southwest Airlines from Oakland to Kansas City. The son, who had been looking out the window, turned to his mother and said, "If big dogs have baby dogs and big cats have baby cats, why don't big planes have baby planes? The mother, who couldn't think of an answer, told her son to ask the flight attendent. So, the little boy asked the flight attendent, "If big dogs have baby dogs and big cats have baby cats, why don't big planes have baby planes? " The flight attendent asked, "Did your mother tell you to ask me that? With a clever grin, she said, "Tell your mother it's because Southwest Airlines always pulls out on time. Hopefully, your week is starting off well. Things were busy Sunday night through yesterday and don't appear to let up very much although our idea most likely will get the axe in the short term. Well, have to run Darren is calling but I'll give you a call later today. Ted I know how much you're looking forward to "Ted's Weekend of Rest and Relaxation" and I also realize that carting me back and forth to the car dealership wasn't exactly on your list of things to do bear in mind the dealership is roughly 5 minutes from your apartment. I can find someone else to help me if you want to bail I know how important your pool-side time is - Remember it's all about you and your needs. You know you haven't sent me any funnies in a while either. I'll let it go for now since you're working so hard. If you could live forever, would you and why? "I would not live forever, because we should not live forever, because if we were supposed to live forever, then we would live forever, but we cannot live forever, which is why I would not live forever. I mean I'd love to be skinny like that but not with all those flies and death and stuff. "Researchers have discovered that chocolate produces some of the same reactions in the brain as marijuana. The researchers also discovered other similarities between the two, but can't remember what they are. What I did was fail to comply with the law.