If you would like to see the numbers, obtain a copy of the notice from Connie Sutton. As I just mailed it, it should get there in a few days. Your big opportunity appears to be here! Some guy in the for sale database under misc messages is looking to put together a team for the year 2000. Thanks for the nice note, I am the person that has the really neat yard that was featured in the Chronicle, at least until this weekend when I bought and moved into my new house. I have a lot of work ahead of me yard wise. Hopefully, some day it will look as nice as the yard at my old house! Per my conversations with Tom and Frank, unless Credit specifically tells us that a counterparty is a credit derivatives counterparty, the online team should consider that all U. Credit will, in the same box where they put "declined" , "amended" or "division", put a note that says "credit derivatives" and in those circumstances only you should consider that I will be indicating whether or not the counterparty is approved to trade credit derivatives. I hope this makes sense to you, call me if it doesn't. There is no change from my previous approvals for the only counterparty on the 3/30/00 list, so I am not sending that list. On the list for 3/31/00, first, David Minns is in the Houston office today, so I gave the response today for the one Australian counterparty on this list. We are meeting with Mark on Wednesday to try and figure out the approval process for Australia, so maybe after Wednesday I'll start responding for them. We have received the executed Letter Agreement with the referenced counterparty dated April 3, 2000 amending the EnronOnline Electronic Trading Agreement. Attached please find the referenced list. Remember, no credit derivatives are approved for any counterparites unless Credit has indicated they are a credit derivative counterparty on the list. I will also send copies to Dave Samuels for your files. Again, my note about credit derivatives not being marked, and also, I am still not responding for Australia yet on a going forward basis. Yes, we do have a standard Enron guaranty form. doc both the Enron counterparty guarantees are in there. He said he needed it to go out today and also passed on words from the counterparty to the effect that the C. We have executed a Letter Agreement dated April 10, 2000 amending the Electronic Trading Agreement with the referenced counterparty. She seemed very nice, like she would make a good employee. I spoke to Liz Sager who, although she didn't directly work with her, got report from her old law firm of people that did, and Liz said to was extremely well liked, and very energetic. I have a letter on its way to Mike Moscoso right now interoffice mail. We requested 5000 for nat gas any one month, but were only approved for an additional 2000. Attached please find the referenced lists. I am not sending the list for 4/5/00 because all of the counterparties on that list were Credit declines. Remember, no credit derivatives approved unless specifically indicated which none are. However, the Company's name was not correct in the agreement so I spoke to Wayne Greenberg and it said it was okay to go ahead and change the name on the C. he signed, and I just wanted to get a copy back from him initialled by the name change so we have a record of his agreement. Per Lotus Notes it appears that the above counterparty was acquired by Duke. I have sitting in my files the originals of both theirs and our guarantees. Do we want to keep these in place, mutually cancel them or what? We sent execution documents to the counterparty and never heard back and put it on the inactive status. I have not been getting a response from my outside the U. attorneys, so I just emailed them a reminder again, and tried to make them feel really guilty. Actually, we girls have that built in guilt gene, it just improves with age. Is there anything you would like to confess. Can you please prepare a print out for us of all the financial masters your records reflect and what type of agreement we have executed. We have received the fully executed Confidentiality Agreement from the referenced counterparty and I have faxed it to counterparty today. On online, when there are Australian counterparties I will just wait to hear from you and include your responses with mine even tho you will probably tell me they can only trade Australian power! Maybe we have to file these every other year? I will send the original fax down to Bob Bowen for handling. Please do not hesitate to call me if I can be of any further assistance.