there for me, and it's about time I'm-a give some love back to God's true crew. As of press time, God has thanked nearly 7,000 of His niggaz, including those in New York's Bad Boy and Ruff Ryders posses, the No Limit soldiers and Cash Money Millionaires holdin' it down in New Orleans, Nelly and the whole St. Lunatics crew, Busta and the rest of the Flipmode Squad, His peeps from back in the day, and all the real ruffneck niggaz in lockdown. He also sent shout-outs to everybody in the Old School, as well as to Lil' Bow Wow and all the other new niggaz just coming up. Now nearing the 48-hour mark, the Lord's first-ever reciprocal shout-out shows little sign of slowing down. Based on estimates of the number of rappers who have thanked Him in liner notes over the past 20 years, hip-hop experts say the historic shout-out is likely to continue through early next week. Among them are Def Jam, Tommy Boy, Jive, Roc-A-Fella, Rap Pages, The Source, Right On! "For supporting the many artists who have supported Me so faithfully, I say thank you," God said. A pair of shout-out tablets handed down by the Lord. As a further sign of His love for the hip-hop community, God assured the nation's rappers that He is taking good care of all their peers currently with Him in heaven. , Eazy-E, Scott LaRock-some of y'all niggaz are already up in this bitch," the Lord said. "For those of you who were left behind, know that the Lord has got your dead homies' backs. Faith Evans , I promise I'm taking real good care of your Biggie. " Thus far, God has not played favorites, thanking such fallen-off acts as Hammer and Vanilla Ice in the same breath as vital artists whose careers are still going strong. All rappers, God explained, are equal in His sight, and none are too small to escape His notice. "God sees even the smallest sparrow fall," said Dr. Cornell West, Harvard University professor of African-American studies and philosophy of religion. Whether a major superstar or a complete unknown, all rappers are His children, and He loves them all. " The sheer volume of names notwithstanding, the nation's rappers are deeply touched by God's gesture of tribute and appreciation, with many stating that they "feelin' Him. " "God is the Original," Brooklyn-based rapper Mos Def said. On Monday's Larry King Live, conservative activist Rev. Some concerned parties, including decency crusader C. Foundation, are calling for a boycott of church services until God issues an apology. Reacting to the controversy, many in the hip-hop community are rushing to the Lord's defense. "But these haters need to realize that if you mess with the man upstairs, you will get your ass smote. The Onion 5 September 2001 Media Kit Employment Copyright ? Masthead Contact Information information. If you are interested in the 9/15 tickets 8th row which are even better seats, I can sell them to you for 305. Let me know asap because I am leaving town around 2pm for the weekend. You can reach me at work or anytime this weekend on my cell phone. I'll bring it home so you can look it over. If I would have kept half - 55,000 or a brand new bmw 540.