I had an extremely rude conversation with a manager at southwestern bell and they once again said we weren't owed anything at which time I told the woman she didn't know what the fuck she was talking about. After several other uses of fuck she hung up. I switched our service to att never thought i would be happy to be an att customer again and called back and got another manager who claims she is taking care of it. If you are interested in the 9/15 tickets 8th row which are even better seats, I can sell them to you for 305. Let me know asap because I am leaving town around 2pm for the weekend. You can reach me at work or anytime this weekend on my cell phone. If you are interested please call me at 713-853-5933 work or 713-516-8820 cell and we will work it out. Thanks, Martin Storey and I were talking about different places to look for coverages and insurance for death regarding his father. Were are some of the non standard ie not life insurance coverages that he should make sure he has checked. Hey I want to check with you about pulling 750 from our checking account to deposit into my gambling account. No I have not lost 1,000 but I am following a model and I take all the games it says and there are more than 20 games each week which eats up all the capital until the games are decided. I know the next question and so far I have lost 150 but I didn't take any games this week because there wasn't enough to bet all of them and I would have won 150. Anyway, I would like to know if there are any big checks coming otherwise I am going to pulse and get things set up for this weekend. On a side note, the furniture people called and said the furniture is coming in in pieces and they should have it all by November which means it would ship to us between the 1st and 3 week of November but definitely before Thanksgiving. I am not sure if Enron's Food Service department manages the Starbucks but you do I would like to report a continuous problem. Recently, the quality of the coffee served downstairs has been miserable. Very often the coffee that they serve is burnt and you can tell just by smelling it. It tastes horrible and I know it isn't just me because about 5 or 6 people who sit next to me have all had the same conversation about how the coffee is always burnt. Today, I bought a large coffee and by the time I returned to my desk took the first sip and it was horrible. I went back to the lobby and told the girl it was burnt and she smelled it and agreed. Then she gave me a new cup that was supposed to be fresh brewed. Something has to be changed because the quality of the coffee doesn't deserve a price of a. I thought it was the first pay period after it was signed but maybe I am confused. Also, since the raise was effective starting Sept. Thanks, Martin Cuilla Johnny said he is getting a big group of people to go to renaissance festival nov 3 - which i know is when coon ass et all is coming in town so thought that might be something fun to do for everyone although 20 is kinda steep. Just a quick note about the free agent and bye week replacements for this year. The free agent draft will be held Thursday at 1pm. You will have until 1pm to submit your free agent requests to me at mcuilla enron. You should include who you want, who you want to drop and the amount of points you want to bid. You can bid 0 points for a free agent however if someone bids 1 point you will lose. In the case of a tying bid the two teams will have an open bid to determine who gets the player. Everyone will start with 100 points and you more points based on your weekly finish 1 point for highest score and 12 points for lowest score. I looked and some of your funds haven't done so well this year especially Low Priced Stock. Also, I am worried about earnings for many companies with energy prices so high and the prospect of very high prices this winter. I don't know but it might be prudent to even move some money into cash or up your bond exposure. I'll try to call you and talk about it later. If I don't talk to you in the next couple of days remind me and maybe we can look at some options when you are here for the wedding. I thought you would be interested in the weather forecast for the Wedding. The data includes max temp, max temp deviation from normal ie if max is 88 and normal max is 86 max temp deviation is 2 , min temp, min temp deviation from normal and percent of precipitation. We are getting a cold front this weekend hitting Texas on Monday and looks like things should be beautiful for next weekend. After that the tropics settle down and it is much less likely to get tropical moisture.