Please include your complete name and address in all future correspondence, along with the style numbers you are interested in for pricing and in-home delivery charges. If you have any questions or need additional information, please feel free to call us at 859 254-5362 or email again. I was in your store on 9/23/00 and saw some Bernhardt furniture I am interested in. On the second bed I am not sure if you need all three pieces or not so it would help if you could tell me what is the difference between the three pieces. I look forward to hearing from you tomorrow. If it is easier you can email me with the prices and then call to go over the info instead of having to give 15 prices. Also, two other things - I checked BofA and the Negril pulse came through as 142. I guess that is just the charge for the cake but wanted to make sure the it wasn't for the cake stands. Since we are both big rich types you want to go to dinner tonight? Love Hubby Bobby We are very happy that you will be participating in the celebration of our marriage! Attached is a copy of the reading we selected for you to read. I understand you won't be in town for the rehearsal so we look forward to seeing you before the wedding. I am not sure when we are all meeting up but Zooey or I will talk to you on Saturday afternoon about the ceremony and when the reading will take place. Attatched is a copy of the reading we selected for you to read. Thanks for taking part in our celebration! As if that is not enough numbers 6pm is the time the rehersal begins. We are on a very tight schedule so prompt attence is appreciated. If you are coming from 59 you turn left on Kirby north and go to Westheimer and turn right east and it is on your right. A service of The Herald of Everett, Wash. Deputies from the Island County Sheriff's Office said they removed more than 80 marijuana plants -- including 50 or so mature plants -- from a shed behind the 30-year-old man's home on Maple Tree Lane, a dead-end road on the south end of the island. The strange saga began Saturday night when moviegoers and diners in restaurants near the theater's courtyard reported seeing a naked man walking around the complex in full view of families dining out. When an officer approached the man and asked why he was walking around naked, the man reportedly said that he felt like it so he just did it. An officer writing the man a ticket for indecent exposure then asked the man what he did for a living, and he allegedly said he grew marijuana. According to a police report, the man then asked for the officer's help in harvesting the crop. The officer said he was too lazy to help but offered to go look at the man's operation, and the naked man agreed. " Deputies allegedly found numerous grow lights on timers, fans and a complicated watering system with a line running to each of the plants. Police said the man seemed proud of his operation, telling them that the system used no dirt, just lava rock, and he picked a large bud from a plant and handed it to an officer. The man's wife told police she had never been inside her husband's shed, but that was where her husband did his artwork and practiced with his yo-yo. Deputies said they asked the man what he expected them to do after he showed them his garden, and the man said he didn't expect them to do anything. Police, however, confiscated the plants and growing equipment. The man was cooperative, they said, even helping to load the equipment into police vehicles. The man may be charged with manufacture of a controlled substance, but he is not named because charges have not been filed.