We don't have any information here about Enron Winds' generators. To date, I have received responses to questions 2-8. The only oustanding items are responses to question 1 and a portion of 4 unit identifier. It is understood that the responses for 1 will be availalbe after September 15 and the additional information for 4 will be available this week. We will look over your responses and call you if clarification or additional information is necessary. We did not purovide a separate data requests to Enron Wind. In not doing so, what information are we missing from our data requests? Please e-mail me a response to this questions. These responses assumes that you sent separate data requests to Enron Wind, so they do not include that information. The answers also assume you are requesting this information for California and therefore the Western interconnect only. Please let me know if these assumptions are incorrect. Due to the short turn around time for these requests we were unable to respond to question 8 and to provide the Unit Identifier requested in question 4. We hope to be able to provide this information on Monday. These responses assumes that you sent separate data requests to Enron Wind, so they do not include that information. The answers also assume you are requesting this information for California and therefore the Western interconnect only. Please let me know if these assumptions are incorrect. Due to the short turn around time for these requests we were unable to respond to question 8 and to provide the Unit Identifier requested in question 4. We hope to be able to provide this information on Monday. Directions from the Junction of Interstate 5 and Rt. towards Lake Oswego until Kruse Way ends at L. Boones Ferry Rd Turn right onto Lower Boones Ferry Rd. Go straight less than mile to the 3rd light at Bryant Rd. is on the left, Firwood is on the right Albertsons and a Texaco are on the right, 2 banks on the left Turn left onto Bryant Rd. tracks right before the 7 Eleven Turn left onto Lakeview. Go "straight" - South Shore winds around a lot - a little over mile to Cedar Rd. Our house is the second paved driveway on the left. Embedded Enron Capital Trade Resources Corp. I'm Leaving Enron I'd love to come on Friday. Just let me know what time and I will probably need directions again. Was hoping I'd have a chance to say goodbye. Any particular kind of food you'd like me to bring? I'm having a potluck at my house Friday night if you'd like to come. Embedded Enron Capital Trade Resources Corp. I guess that means no more jam sessions for us. - Hopefully you'll find some good music and open mics in your new town. My last day in the Portland area will be March 31, 2001.