You need to submit those three names in the morning. Ava, please get Jo and I some dates for giving the Marketers a "Brown Bag" training session on Nomination, Confirmation and Scheduling process. I would like to use the video Room on 42 in Houston and 6th floor in Omaha. I would like to look at the week of October 15th. John Buchanan and I can give the presentation since Terry will be out that week. Sherry, I had to change from Chris to Debra on your reviewers. I will still visit with Chris since you did put her name down. Chris I had to change Sherry to Janet McDaniel on your reviews. I will still visit with Sherry to get input from her for the year end review. Randy, I had to change Chris to Robert for one of your reviews. Please let me know if you have any concerns. Joe, I had to change Chris to Robert on you Year end review. Please let me know if you have any concerns. Janet, I had to change from Harry to Kathy Sturr on one of your reviewers. Please let me know if you have any concerns. Debra, I had to change from Chris to Janet McDaniel for one of your reviewers. Please let me know if you have any concerns. Kathy, I had to change one of you reviewers from Chris to Randy Janzen. Please let me know if you have any concerns. Randy, I had to change one of your reviewers from Diana Porter to Shirley Walden. Please let me know if you have any concerns. I think she did a very good job on the Transwestern meeting and I would like to recognize her for that. If you approve, then I will send to Fran to fill out the appropriate information. Donna, attached is a first pass draft of a letter for Shelley to send out to the teams about her up coming staff meeting. Paul gave me his home and cell phone numbers for this weekend in case anything comes up. Home - 281-320-2563 Cell Phone. Please do not give out to anyone else without Paul knowing. Which station numbers have or have not been corrected for October. How many October charts have been received and how many are outstanding 3. Provide status of November chart information. Gas Logistics needs the October corrections in the system by December 19th, which is the time frame for the first prior period run. This is important for us to be able to review the prior period invoices. As you find there are missing charts, if we can be of assistance in calling the field, please let us know. This way, the measurement group can concentrate on reading the charts. We appreciate your assistance and help in tracking these prior periods and helping each of us to keep focused to get these prior period corrections done by the next months billing. If you have any questions, please let Rick or I know. Menu for people working Christmas. I would appreciate your input on the status and how we go forward to simplify the report. Shelley, attached is the first draft for the plan to talk with the reps for all three pipes on Wednesday. We Sheila, Fran and I will talk with the teams on Wednesday reviewing a high level plan. Then we will follow up with Donna to develop a training plan. We will let you know if anything changes. We have reviewed the assignments Jean sent out earlier in the week. Who is your back up on critical reports, etc when you are out. For example I am assuming if one rep has the shipper business and another rep has the operator business for the same company, then those two reps should back each other's desk. Scott and Kathy support each other's desk since Kathy has ElPaso as a Shipper and Scott has ElPaso as Operator. Harry and Joe support each other on Oneok since Harry has Bushton and Joe has the gathering The areas of concern in relation to day to day business are below and need specific back up reps.