It is our responsibility to review the reports ahead of time Measurement, Preliminaries, etc. As I have stated in previous memos this is mainly, reservation close day, the day before commodity close and commodity close day. It is still your responsibility to ensure your invoices are properly reviewed and sent out whether you are in the office or not. If you have any questions, please let me know. Alma, John Buchanan will be attending in my place. I will be out of the office August 6 thru August 17th. I will be thinking of all of you while I am on vacation Thanks. Since we are all moving at different times, we have declared this week to be "causal week" to accomodate cleaning out files, desk, etc. The more we clean out now, the easier it will be to move to our final destination. We appreciate everyone's efforts to accomodate the move as best we can. Please let Donna, Sheila, Rick, Steve, Brad or I know if you have any questions. Due to all the teams being on different floors, I am very concerned about coverage by John and Terry to accommodate all the team needs. Here is a plan I would like to propose for now through March, 2002. I would like for each team to pick a candidate to attend this meeting. If you attended last year, it would be good to give someone else an opportunity this year to attend. Internet Billing presentation and discussion Presentation on electric deregulation Natural Gas Prices Challenges and issues for electric scheduling and accounting Please let me know who you candidate will be by Monday, August 27. If you have any questions about the conference, you can give me, Larry or Raetta a call. It looks like we are on for a meeting with Oneok on the 29th. The main topic of discussion is the new Mid Continent Market Center interconnect at Bushton. Please let me know if you are available or not. On September 24, 2001, Alice gave each of you a list of your outstanding accounts receivable back to January, 1998. My expectation is that there has been some clean up activity before Performance Reviews at which time I will ask Alice for an update. Alice, Raetta and Larry are all available as needed to help you in this effort. All clean up should be completed by December 31, 2001. I talked with Delaine today to firm up our meeting on the 29th. I think this will take the majority of the afternoon. Ava, please get us a room preferrably 4102 for the afternoon. I think this will take the majority of the afternoon. Ava, please get us a room preferrably 4102 for the afternoon. Schedule for not working weekends, but making up that time on evenings during the week. By payperiod vs by month Winter Ops presentation I did not want to forget these items. Jodie, Toby, Steve and I are planning on reviewing and performing a practice run on our presentations. Anyone that wants to join us is welcome. I have 4 baseball tickets for Wednesday, September 12 and 4 tickets for Thursday, September 13 for the Astros vs Giants. If anyone has a customer they would like to take, please let me know by Wednesday, September 5th. As a reminder this question came up in the staff meeting this week and I was to follow up with Kent. If you have any questions, please let me know. I have approved all of the submitted reviewers for all teams with a few exceptions. Those people who had changes will be notified by email. The changes were necessary to ensure an even distribution. If you would like to discuss any of the changes I had to make, please let me know. Laura, I had to change one of your reviewers. I also removed Richard since he had been selected to many times. I will visit with him though and get some feedback. Please let me know if you have any questions. I had to change Laura to Linda Ward on your request. We had to many people selecting Laura and I need to evenly distribute the reviews. If you have any concerns, please let me know.