John and Terry, can you work with the teams to get Shelley's name off of the daily update list. She is trying to minimize emails she gets on her blackberry. If you can think of any other lists, let me know. What about the Bushton info, is she on that list? Joe, I believe you were on comp day for commodity close. Was there something you had planned and not able to be here for close? Since you are becoming very critical to accuracy of invoices sent out with your added duties, I was concerned that you were not hear? Attached is the outline used for Stan's meeting this morning. You can just update information as it is your turn to attend his staff meeting. If you have any questions, please let me know. Jean, I believe you were out of the office on commodity close. Who was reviewing the stack of reports on your desk? Did we properly have the bases covered with you out? Just trying to be sure we have the right coverage for accounting closes. Debra, I understand you were covering for Jean Adams while she was on vacation. I would be glad to visit with you about this if we need. We also told them we have been leaving messages since Saturday. We left messages at 3 different offices. If you have any questions, please let John Ext. Team, I would like for you to review the attached Shipper assignment list. With Renee leaving and Pat still on a learning curve, I wanted to throw out some possibilities and get your input. I did not spend a lot of time on interconnects, so you may want to look at those closely. I did talk with John, Terry, Raetta and Larry for input. Please review, discuss and set up some time to visit with me about your comments. The SoCal/West of Thoreau spreadsheet is on your desk. At each cycle, please be sure you monitor any deliveries at Carlton and let Steve, Gary or Darrell know if you see any nominations. At that point Carlton Deliveries should be allocated to zero 0. If you have any questions, or we need to discuss further, please let me know. Stan and Danny, here is a recap of activities in Gas Logistics this last week including Gas Control activity. I will send you an update again on Wednesday Jan. Please give me call if you have any questions. John and Terry, could you check into having a Business Objects report done for all groupings with the following information. Previous Cyclce Nomination Current Nomination Confirmation Schedule Confirmation piece is not critical if that prolongs getting the report. The reason for the report - Gas Control needs to know what changes have taken place and this will prevent the teams from doing a manual report. If we already have access to something similar to this, let me know. I would like to be able run this report during cycle. I think I am probably asking for the moon , but that would be the best time for Gas Control. She said to send her the contract and she will run the traps. She was not excited about the monthly cash out requirement. If we could not come to agreement, we would continue the same methodology as we have today, which is Oneok picks one of the transportation contracts at the Cargray tailgate to take any variances. Richard will bring updated reports for us to review. Increased Receipts elsewhere to make up for the Carlton reduction We will have an answer by the morning meeting on Wednesday. Have a great New Years Eve and be careful. I want to thank all of you for your efforts yesterday to help our customers get their business taken care of on the Enron pipes. It looks like we will be in the same mode of operation at least through this morning. Let's be proactive and help the customers through this frustrating time. It is good to work with a group that is willing to help out where possible. We are keeping this candle burning for all the people their families who were in the planes, buildings and anywhere near the explosions today. May God be with them and help them through this terrible time. God Bless Keep The Candle Going I asked God for water, he gave me an ocean. I asked God for a flower, he gave me a garden. I asked God for a tree, he gave me a forest. The Candle of Love, Hope and Friendship This candle was lit on the 11th of September, 2001.