Where can I find information on Imbalance Tiering in relation to mandatory monthly cash out? What points are in the grouping to determine a demarc allocation? Answer - Beatrice Trailblazer and demarc are the only two points in the group 4. If Virgina Power is transporting gas to demarc and demarc is allocated, can Virginia Power switch their nomination to demarc deferred delivery and keep their gas flowing? Greg we may not have been clear on this comment on the conference call Attached is the spreadsheet Raetta put together after receiving all of the billing information to review the parties involved in the 3. If you have any questions, let Raetta or I know. Sue, the Pinnacle Natural Gas imbalance is the 5,000/day balancing Pinnacle is allowed before volumes go to park and ride. Greg, following are the questions you asked and my answers. Please give me a call if you have any questions. Does Demarc Deferred get allocated during the same cycles as Demarc? Seems unlikely since Demarc Deferred is a storage point and storage is allocated at a different time? A transportation delivery directly to Demarc Deferred is a part of the Demarc allocation. The two referenced allocations are done seperately, but during the same cycle. If we were nominating our Firm from Beatrice to Demarc Deferred where would our customers pull from? Customers can pick up gas at Demarc Deferred 4. Mary, I am going to be out of the office Tuesday and Wednesday of next week as well as Monday, November 26th. If not John Buchanan can attend in my place. Don't panic, bring your additions and improvements to the meeting and we can modify this plan. I just thought we could start with this. Please let me know if you have any questions. Ranelle, John and Michelle, thought I would send this statement to you and see if this helps simplify our answer to your question. If anyone has any other questions, please let me know. We met with SoCal today to discuss the changes SoCal is making for November 1. And they will maintain 750 for a gas day during all cycles. SoCal may set a capacity higher than 750. If they do, they will maintain that capacity for a gas day during all cycles , unless there are specific operational problems. This will be a major impact to SoCal's customers 5. SoCal can still reduce the scheduled volumes after an allocation. This would be due to SoCal's market not burning their schedule. At that time SoCal will confirm down to the market burn. If you have any questions, please let me know. Let's discuss again on Monday if we need to relook at hard coding the allocation based on discussions with Kent and Frank. Sharon, would you please set up a meeting as follows sometime after November 27, 2001. Sharon, would you please set up the following meeting for me to be held after Tuesday of next week. I will be back in the office on Tuesday, November 27th. John and Terry are in the office all week and Terry is on call for the holiday weekend for scheduling issues. Terry and Steve can get a hold of me over the holidays if needed. For accounting issues, Raetta and Larry will be in the office Tuesday and Wednesday, with Raetta taking a half day vacation on Wednesday. All of you have a great Thanksgiving with your families. I look forward to seeing you next Tuesday. Galen's home address is as follows. Several people had asked for it to send cards. I am sure he would appreicate the thoughts and prayers. To answer your question, I had my last hopefully surgery last Monday, June 18th. I should be back to work on Tuesday, June 26th. I was surprised I did not get postponed with the flooding down in the Medical Center. I stayed over one night and I was sure ready to go home the next day.