Nicole Marie and Cary Schaub nikcary yahoo. The problem I was having up here was Telus' fault and unrelated to anything Enron related - just happened to coincide with the problems Tim was having due to Win2K. Hi, I'm interested in attending Rodney's retreat to Maui from Apr 1 - 10, 2002. If so, can I send a check to reserve a spot? I'm interested in attending Rodney's retreat to Maui from Apr 1 - 10, 2002. If so, can I send a check to reserve a spot? Lisa, I will send a check today, but I'm in Canada and it may take a few days to get down there - can you reserve a spot for me contigent upon getting a check this week? I've tried unsuccessfully to reserve a spot on this retreat for the last two years! Spaces are going fast but if you get a check in soon, you can reserve a spot! Send 500 deposit to Piedmont Yoga Studio, P. Do you have a brochure to fill out a registration form? If not, just make sure I have your address and phone number. Nicole Marie and Cary Schaub nikcary yahoo. Dave, thanks for your help last week - everything worked out just fine and i was able to save a bunch of data due to your efforts. fyi - i was logged into two machines up here and neither one of them was rebooted when i got back - they were both locked I'd like to come to Mo Vino - can I register with you as a co-host ? Yes, I am going to cooking this evening. I always go to Mo Vino since I am co-host. Last night, Alaina and I picked out the wines. Craig Hi Kathy, I was wondering if I could order an Enron Fleece through you. They don't have them up here in Calgary and I was hoping to pick one up when I was down in Portland last week, but it seems like you were mostly stocked up for summer gear no fleece. I sent the check to reserve a spot - it may take a while to get there from Canada, so please keep me in mind! Enron Capital Trade Resources Corp. Spaces are going fast but if you get a check in soon, you can reserve a spot! Send 500 deposit to Piedmont Yoga Studio, P. Do you have a brochure to fill out a registration form? If not, just make sure I have your address and phone number. I left you a message at your hotel, but will try here as well. We're contemplating rebooting the dev box, but are afraid this will trigger the cube deletions we saw before. Craig, sorry I missed you at Mo Vino last night. I made a last minute decision that I need yoga more than alcohol. i'd like to come to the next one and I'll register properly. Hi Maria, can you give me a call when you have a chance? I'm reviewing you and I wanted to make sure I had a comprehensive list of the projects you've been working on. Not sure I have your right phone number. not sure where you'll be if you don't come over here, but Peggy wants your current seat. I was informed that I'd be outta here shortly any word?