Sounds like the christening schedule will fits perfectly into that. It's exciting that Cameron's christening will be in front of everyone! Just wanted to let you know that I spoke w/Chaplain and Cameron's christening will be at the beginning of the church service 9am. I also reserved rooms for you and your parents for both Fri Sat nights. Friday you'll be in Nashville and Saturday you'll stay in Clarksville. Anyway, just wanted to pass this info on to you. Hope you are doing well and not working too much. Look forward to seeing you in a few weeks. She has to take it to school and music class. While our webserver up here hasn't been hammered yet, I've been concerned about similar issues web hardware and administration for awhile up here. Given that the web is our primary medium I agree with you and Tim that it's been neglected. Administration is an ongoing issue and I'm not sure what a good solution for this is, but relying on Houston for this is not an option as far as I'm concerned unless they change their draconian policies. At the moment Chris Wiebe is officially administrating our web/file server, but I don't think this is where his interests lie, so I've been relying on Colin for most day-to-day admin. This isn't great since Colin is a contractor. In terms of hardware, I've been in touch with Houston through Dan Dietrich and spoke with a helpful individual who is responsible for web servers down there. He sent me the following documentation standard which I hope I forwarded onto you as it's quite good. I think this is a good idea more for file server reliability than anything else. There's some time critical data up here that we can't recover if we miss it the first time, so I'm trying to make the backend as fault-tolerant as possible. Sorry to hear about your web troubles yesterday, but hopefully it will serve as a catalyst for us to clean things up. Should we set up a call to talk about this? Servers Administration Cooper - You may or may not be aware that our production web server got hit pretty hard yesterday. It has yet to be "officially" determined what happened, so I won't give you my opinion. and I have agreed on two immediate actions that will be taken. 1 Our development server needs to be moved to a separate physical box. This will serve as the back-up and fail-over server as well. It is our firm intention that any and all administration on either of these boxes will be done by us -- not Houston. Although, this argument has yet to take place. We want to make sure that, with whatever avenue is taken, we maintain a position of compatibility to share resources and technology with Calgary Fundies. I'll be in portland on Friday 18th and the first half of Monday 21st. Jeff asked me to come down and help him with some California data issues and it seemed like a visit was long overdue. I hope to be able to sit down with you and show some of the work I've been doing up here. The only specific issue I have is to get your feedback on the hydro project we're working on, which is slowly coming together, but I'd like to give you a general tour and talk about future direction. Hopefully you're around and can squeeze me into your schedule. It's hard to believe I've been up here for 5 months! Don't have any real plans for the weekend. Richter mentioned something about reach the beach, but squeeze me into your plans for the weekend. Bob, sounds good, but the page you sent me doesn't work, maybe i need a cookie or it's only temporary.