Hi Dawn, haven't heard from you recently. once the movers saw this, I think they almost quit! Hi, I graduated in 1996 and need a copy of my degree as part of the application process for a visa in Canada. Can you point me in the right direction for this? thanks, Cooper Hi Chris, I don't know where you're at with things. please keep this to yourself as I don't feel this way about many people here. the colonel was talking about meeting at Lucky's on 17th and then head out. - c - Hi, I work at Enron as a power trader and Gary Hagerty asked me to forward any prospects for a "junior power risk management" position at Epcor onto you. Regards, Cooper Richey Michael Wong mfwong ualberta. I'm attempting to use lattice on windows 2000 under R 1. exe has generated errors and will be closed by Windows. An error log is being generated this seems to happen right after the graphics window is spawned. 5 am I missing some sort of prep work for lattice graphics? Could you please re-scrape this data and give me call at ext. weekend was good - played golf with Greg on sunday at Glen Eagles course he lives on , which was fun. Lunch Wednesday Cooper, There is a great Indian buffet a couple blocks from here. Do you want to see the new offcies before or after lunch? We can always decide in the morning depending upon how the day is going. I was in Canmore and the weather was great! cube cubes in production Fin PriceVolatility is the name for the updates. To ensure that you experience a successful migration from Notes to Outlook, it is necessary to gather individual user information prior to your date of migration. Please take a few minutes to completely fill out the following survey. When you finish, simply click on the 'Reply With History' button then hit 'Send' Your survey will automatically be sent to the Outlook 2000 Migration Mailbox. calgary What type of computer do you have? no Does anyone have permission to access your Email/Calendar? no Are you responsible for updating anyone else's address book? no Is anyone else responsible for updating your address book? no Do you have access to a shared calendar? no Do you have any Distribution Groups that Messaging maintains for you for mass mailings ? 30pm Will you be out of the office in the near future for vacation, leave, etc? I planned to write you back in vivo rather than in silico , but you've shamed me into it. coop-er Enron Capital Trade Resources Corp. Jerusha Klemperer jerushaklemperer yahoo.