I didn't know what to get Debbie, but I know I always like flowers so I thought those would be good. Please thank Debbie for me, and I'll thank her as soon as I get the chance. By the way, I'm not coming home this weekend because Mom didn't want me to drive home this weekend and then turn around and come home again on Tuesday reading days. David is going to drive up here for the weekend, and we are going to go to some of the Fiesta festivities around here and the big FiestaFest concert here on Friday night. I will be home on Tuesday night though after classes and will switch back cars then. I'll be home Tuesday till Friday morning to bring a load of stuff home and study. I also wanted to be there for the munchkins' b-day party - it is the first one and all. Thanks so much for taking care of my car and letting me borrow the Beemer. I hope you are having a great day and I'll talk to you tonight. Rose won both the costume class and championship so she's qualified for Nationals in that now, and Ricki won his driving so he's qualified now too. Rose got 3rd out of 6 in sidesaddle, but Jennifer said it was her and not Rose fred said so too! I'll have to get that qualification in San Antonio. I just thought you'd like to know and tell you thanks for giving me some more classes to ride at Nationals. Maybe I'll actually win something there this time around! Our tickets were directly behind homeplate. Debbie said she could see me on every pitch and knew that I left the bootom half of the 8th inning. She said I never picked my nose once on camera. They had no problem removing the oil filter at all. They only had to wriggle it a little bit. We are scheduled to issue it on Thursday. Please let me know if you have any changes or concerns. doc Thank you for sending these reports to me. By the way, did you get Randy Horton's power of attorney form? She has asked me to invest some of her excess cash and I executed the form and thought she had mailed it in. Thanks to you and David for the outstanding service. Our tickets were directly behind homeplate. Debbie said she could see me on every pitch and knew that I left the bootom half of the 8th inning. She said I never picked my nose once on camera. They had no problem removing the oil filter at all. They only had to wriggle it a little bit. Just wanted to say thanks for the opportunity to travel with you to Wiggins compressor station. I will look forward to working with your respective organizations around procurement, contracting and deal issues. regards, Ken Cherry I am not aware of any other conflict with schedules. Walt has just learned that John Duncan, Dee Osborne and Ken Lay are not available to attend any of these meetings. This leaves two out of three for the Audit Committee and just enough for a quorum on the board meeting. Walt is looking at possibly scheduling the Comp Committee for the day before, but will confirm his plans on Thursday and will notify you if that changes. I am telling you all of this to advise you that if any of the remaining board members, being the two of you, Dan Whitty and Ted Gaylord, are not available, we will not be able to have the board meeting. Walt recommends we go forward with the date as scheduled, unless either of you is aware that one of the four will not be available, or you would rather move the date. Please let me know your thoughts on this. Who is going to put our presentation together? I will give it if you and Bob feel that is the right thing to do but I just do not have time to put the presentation together. That is time consuming and good for you. If you work out it is ok to go shop and put it on the credit card. She is taking your car in today to be fixed. By the way, there is 50 at Mom's that is for you because David flew home from here last night, and we had to order the ticket on the credit card. You had said once that I could always use the credit card for things like that as long as I paid you back so I did. You can either get it from Mom or wait till I get home and I'll bring it to you. With all the prom excitement I completely forgot to give it to you before we left - sorry. Anyway, this week is pretty boring for me because I have nothing due and no exams. I'm glad to have a light week, but it leaves for a lot of boredom and down time. Well, I'll talk to you sometime this week and have fun tonight.