If you need my signature you should get it by noon on Monday or it will have to wait until Thursday. Do you want tickets to Astros game on Friday night? Daddy I agree with most of this but have found from experience that if you give originators the freedom to pursue deals with little restrictions the deal flow improves dramatically. We do not need to limit ourselves to the crude oil business. In fact a portfolio of assets would likely reduce the companies overall risk to crude prices. Second, we want to avoid any additional exposure to commodity prices. Therefore, fee based business structures are the best fit. Thanks Who is going to put our presentation together? I will give it if you and Bob feel that is the right thing to do but I just do not have time to put the presentation together. They aren't doing anything according to Rod who checked for me. It seems to me that we need to do several things to either kick this into gear or to put it on hold pending completion of a sale. We need to find out from Mark Metts if this deal adds any value to the transactions being proposed. I will talk with Mitch and Mark about this issue. ie are they a buyer or seller of Portland metro dark fiber. A project of this size will take Jeff's approval. The projected Phase I capital is above my threshold. I will talk with Kevin Hannon and Mitch and then get back with you. Probably replacing Ken Harrison with myself is the right movr. Please go ahead and handle making the necessary changes. I think the best I can do is come in the night before and perhaps ? Talk with Dave about who I should be paired up with. I would like to play with either him or Mike McGowan also. Tell Dave he stood me up last year but it was worth it. If the sales representative from the Jaguar dealership calls please get in touch with me. That is very important to both Caron and me. I am not that religious either but no sence in taking chances. If you need my signature you should get it by noon on Monday or it will have to wait until Thursday. work totalled interfered with my plans to go to the Masters last weekend. I was so mad I didn't even want to play golf. I am over that now and would like to play this coming weekend. I can play Saturday morning need to finish by 2pm. I will be out of town Wednesday thru Friday so just let Cindy know if anyone can play. I have not felt well since I gave blood on Friday. Dad I think the best way to handle this is for you to get with Mary Joyce and her team and work out the details. I think the last item may be of some concern. If there are issues that can't be resolved between Mary and you I will gladly get involved. I will do whatever you would like to do. Dad I wish I could be there to see her face too. Sorry I will be unable to see you this weekend. Daddy The Red Rock expansion needs to get approval at the May 1st Board meeting. The procedure is to submit it to the Finance Committee of the Board for approval. Assuming the Finance Committee approves the project they would recommend it to the Board for approval. By this memo, I am requesting that Rod coordinate with Rick Buy to get it on the Finance Committee agenda. I will be in town for both the Board meeting and the Finance Committee meetings. If formal presentations are required at the Finance Committee we can decide who should do them. It is my understanding that no presentation needs to be done at the Board meeting. I will check with Jeff to see if he wants a formal presentation to the Finance Committee or if he will do it himself. I have forwarded your memo to Mark Metts who is handling the sale of Enron Wind. Dad In reviewing the key items of your business review with Jeff Skilling, he had some issues with your new Broadband business. It was mentioned that we had spent around 13 million thus far on dark fiber. How much of the resultant capacity has been sold? In other words are we taking a long position in dark fiber. Do you have a business plan for this new venture. What is the payback on our investment, etc. Who approved the formation of this new venture and the capital commitment? Anything else that will help me get a clear understanding of what we have and where we are going with it. The engagement letter was mailed last week. If you do not get it by tomorrow please let me know. My eldest daughter has a Horse Show that I need to be at on Saturday. Next week I could play either Saturday or Sunday. I have asked Wilson Barbee t9o see if he can provide any assistance to you. I do hope you find something that meets your qualifications.