I would be happy to return to Portland to get a more in depth review with a much smaller cast of players. Given the status of the divestiture process, Jeff wants to make sure he and subsequently I have a good handle on these two important issues. You and I need to sit down and discuss in some detail John Ale's contract and yours. thanks Peggy, that all sounds very goo. I will attempt to get educated first and then we will set up a meeting. Business Review I agree that makes a lot of sense, that is certainly where we are spending our time, and good management of that so far, is what is contributing to earnings higher than expected that and the crazy California markets. We're always glad to have you visit, and could provide a detailed discussion if that's what you would prefer. We are spending a great deal of time on this in the sales presentations and have a number of overheads, and some written information that we use in our position meetings that we could send to you to start with. The rate case is in a very dynamic state, but we believe moving in right direction. The power position is in constant review based on projected loads, demand side management opportunities, and blocks of energy available at reasonable prices in the future for our customers. We are still operating under an obligation to serve, as we don't see that changing anytime in the near future and those utilities in the west that have gotten in trouble are those who haven't provided for customers. Commissions seem to be giving rate increases for increasing prices if prudent management was attempted, but not just for stopping based on possible belief of dereg. We have a sharing mechanism right now that shares risks and rewards between customers and shareholders. During this sales process we had spent a lot of time working through with Sierra on this, and now with the new possible buyers. Most like it when they finally understand. It is not regulation 101, it is very complex and leading edge, but get the risks and rewards aligned much better for shareholdes and customers. Doesn't fit Enron's view of dereg, but Oregon will not get to Enron's view anytime soon, especially with California situation, and it's not just Oregon regulators, it's Oregon customers including the industrials that are reliability sensitive like high techs and health care. Sorry for the long note how about if I start by sending you some information from presentations, and then we can look at schedules for when a meeting might work. You might even want to come to one of the banker presentations. Mark M and Mitch were both in Seattle yesterday, and could share with you some of the discussion related to these subjects. I would be happy to return to Portland to get a more in depth review with a much smaller cast of players. Given the status of the divestiture process, Jeff wants to make sure he and subsequently I have a good handle on these two important issues. O agree these items Colin and you are looking could be good for both entities. Given that Wessex is Enron's biggest retail platform in Europe, have you given any thought as to how it could be closer integrated with Enron Direct generally? Given current market conditions, I expect Enron will have little choice but to hold onto Wessex for the time being which isn't necessarily a bad thing. There could obviously be some regulatory issues in bringing our retail water and energy businesses together, though I think it is worth looking at. Also, if the Water market opens up to competition in the future, there would be benefits for Wessex. I look forward to discussing ideas with you when you are over in June. Matthew It was so nice to hear from you. I am glad the new home is being enjoyed and that you have a job that you like. I am anxious to get the news of the birth of your new grandchild. Please let us know as soon as possible after the Geraldine delivers. Also let us know what hospital she is in where we can send an appropiate gift to mother and child. Before hand I'll let you know that we are doing great back home at Down Under. We have bought our new home and are enjoying it completly. We receives the photos that you sent us of the twins and we must congradulate you that they are absolutly beautiful. Please let us know how you and the family are doing. I'll let you know that I'm working doing a small delivery job for a Bakers Factory, nothing to do with what I was doing but I like it just the same. It's a very early start but I finish before lunch and that gives me time to look for a part time job in the afternoon. After I spoke with Paul in the meeting, he said that he was going to introduce me to other companies from the field, but I haven't heard from him since then. I won't lose my hope to work for Enron some day.