Specifically, Soderberg said Nevada is focusing on operators of older, less - efficient plants who would find profit margins shrinking, if not vanishin g, under capped prices. The federal ceiling in 10 Western states, excluding California, is about 9 2 per megawatt hour. In California, a 10 percent surcharge is added because of the state's credit risk, bringing the price to just over 101. Ackerman at the Western Power Trading Forum said regional price controls ha ve extended California's power crisis to neighboring states. "The generators have banks of lawyers looking for loopholes in the plan ," said Hidalgo at the Department of Water Resources. Unfortunately, it may take some time for the regulators to revisit an issue that they took up only with the greatest reluctance. For months, federal r egulators refused to impose price controls, preferring instead to let supply and demand determine costs. Hidalgo said that when it appeared that power companies were throttling back on output Monday, California officials immediately dialed the hot line nu mber provided by the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission in case of emergencies. " State officials tried again yesterday, and this time were told that the com mission would look into the matter. They were not given a time frame for wh en the commission might come up with a response. Out-of-state generators pull plug over uncertainty on price controls By Dale Kasler Bee Staff Writer Published July 3, 2001 Confused by the federal government's new controls on electricity prices, ge nerators withheld so much power from California on Monday that the state wa s nearly plunged into rolling blackouts, state officials said. The confusion began when the state's electric grid operators declared a Sta ge 1 power alert in the early afternoon, triggering the price caps for the first time since they went into effect June 21. Out-of-state generators pulled about 1,500 megawatts of electricity off the table at midafternoon, enough to power about 1. 1 million homes, because of uncertainty about how much they could charge under the new Federal Energy Regulatory Commission pricing system, said Oscar Hidalgo, spokesperson for the state Department of Water Resources. The department buys electricity fo r the state's financially distressed utilities. " The problem was exacerbated by a heat wave across the West, which forced Ca lifornia to compete with other states for scarce electricity, he said. But power generators have complained that the price caps, by limiting p rofits, could discourage the production of critically needed electricity. And as Monday's episode suggested, even the uncertainty about where the cap will fall could lead to unexpected shortages. Hidalgo said the state avoided blackouts only because of last-minute import s from the Bonne 07ville Power Administration, the federal agency that mark ets government-produced hydroelectric power in the Pacific Northwest. The s tate went into a Stage 2 power alert, the next-to-last level before blackou ts are ordered. The alert was canceled in late afternoon. The blackouts would have been the first in California since May 8. The pr ice fluctuates and is tied to the production costs of the least-efficient plant operating in California during a "power alert" declared by the Indepen dent System Operator, which runs the state's power-transmission grid. When there's no alert, prices can't exceed 85 percent of the cap that was establ ished during the latest alert. Until Monday, the maximum price held steady at about 101 a megawatt-hour i n California. Because of a steep drop in the price of natural gas, which fuels many California power plants, suppliers knew the cap would fall. The ceiling for California fell to about 77 at 3 p. Bu t out-of-state suppliers can withhold supplies, and on Monday it was the out-of-staters that were pulling back, Hidalgo said. The Bee's Dale Kasler can be reached at 916 321-1066 or dkasler sacbee.