All non-electronic financial deals to be entered directly by Risk Management from a written and signed deal ticket required from front office Physical 1. The sitara mapping table is saved in the Netco file named CurveMappings. xls Check your regions and if you see any locations mapped to curves we won't be setting anymore, make a list of those and what the new mappings should be. Once the new database is set up we will get with Russ to have those changed over. xls I can help you sort through those if you want help. I have assumed that everything will be considered West but want to make sure before we set up the books. Are you ready to learn your first control function. The controls group is going to let us set up the new books we need for Netco today. When you are ready let me know and we'll go down there, or they will come up here or whatever. All non-electronic financial deals to be entered directly by Risk Management from a written and signed deal ticket required from front office Physical 1. Included on the last two tabs are the details they asked for from gas. We are still working on the contracts and confirms. We need to make sure that we don't have anything mapped to those curves and if so make some changes. We also need to think about how this change will work with the estate as well. These are book requests for the Netco books for all regions. Please let me know if you have any questions. We put in some book and portfolio codes we would like if they are available. Could you please re-run the data dump you did for me last week with the attached post-id's? If you could let me know how long it takes I would appreciate it. If possible, could it be ready after lunch tomorrow? Do you want me to do anything for the new west curve files or are you taking care of it? Do you still have a copy saved you could send me? I am looking for a copy in excel if you have them. I would like to be involved in this process to understand it better. Kam there is a book request form in Netco controls Book request form. Susan is checking to see if we can use those portfolio and book codes, if not we'll change them. We are finalizing the list of files to be moved over to Netco today. erms erms adm Netco West and if there is a file you used to run, price reports, the wood report, broker, desk to desk, consolidated P L for the website, etc. that you don't see out there now, please save a copy to this directory this morning. We are taking copies of everything we use now, this is the file that will be moved with us. Vladi asked me to give you a call. 00 today so I wanted to let you know what we did to populate Form A. We gave all post-id's that were calculated on Nov-30th to Zhiyong Wei. From there, he dumped all of that information into excel and we formatted it from there into the required buckets. I started a spreadsheet for us to keep track of our books, traders, file names, etc. It is saved in O: erms erms adm Netco Controls Trader Matrix. xls Please add any other fields you think we should have. Jeff mentioned he wants to be able to quickly tell what books belong to what traders, O'neil had this idea. Is everyone ready to start setting up their books today? Has Scott Neal gotten back to you yet Phillip? I think this will make things more consistent than coming up with new stupid names like before. All books, including the financial books, will have the same portfolio and book codes. Physical books will be seperate but will all be the same. Can you please make a list of all the paths and files used to prepare the morning reports, including the VaR access database? We have been making lists of the directories that need to be moved over with Netco. Will these directories be moved so that the estate can't use them, or will copies be made so both groups could use the files? If not, we will have to make copies and change the list we have put together already. I brought some of my natural gas and options books from home.