I will collect her badge and any other equipment. Please let me know if there is anything else that we need to do. Once we know for sure, we will send you the new breakout. I started calculating the bankruptcy book last night for the credit group. I may be out a few days so if I am can someone else take this over from me please? We can also use these to check daily for counterparties that have been moved incorrectly. Set up your physical post-id's for today and calculate the weapon-X, make sure there are no deals in your books using a forwards detail. If it is blank, you can run your weapon-X and input into your P L this morning, you will also need to officialize your physical book one last time. Financial - you don't need to roll your p l anymore, except for Monte, you will have to due to the transport model. Now that all tagg deals are in one book, we will be splitting up the alphabet among all groups to help monitor that the correct counterparties are being moved to the Bankuptcy book. We will get with you all later regarding that. Could you run those additional post-id's? There are deals in the Aruba book so I'm not sure why you aren't picking those up. As you can see, the price data is too large to fit into one tab. After tomorrow, I will no longer have access to the estate files. Greg Couch will be taking over the responsibility for the estate risk group and will be able to assist you with your requests going forward. After friday, I will no longer have access to the estate, so if you could shoot this off over night so I could have something in the morning to work with I would appreciate it. Let me know if that doesn't seem possible. I got the Goldman counterparty names from Bill Hare and I have found 0 deals with them. Let me know if there is anything else I can do. I will have the procedures for deal entry to you tomorrow. Keith Holst is also taking a look at the current deal ticket and might be making some changes. I'll run it by you before we finalize it. Thomas Underwood will be taking over that task from me. We have changed the names for some of the curves so column J has additional curves that we would like to bring history. We will not continue publishing those in the future however. You will start getting this on Wednesdays and Mondays. Please tell me if this is what you need. Could you look at the attached ticket and delete, add or change anything you want to. Dawn, Please see the attached trader matrix template. There were some changes made on the physical global id's. Steve South was also added on the west desk. Rather than deleting these, they will remain here until they are needed. There is also a hedgestrip saved for each book to the live and unused books files. We should also start creating a common file for each region to post the P L to the website. Let's try to keep these the same format. East has a good file that shows new deals and curveshift. West used a macro to pull in finished P L's instead of updating links which eliminated some problems, Randy could help with this. Figure out what format you want and use that for all regions. Can you confirm with your desk heads that the list of names we have is correct, and then update the product mappings by tomorrow afternoon? Let me know this morning if that will be a major problem for anyone.