I have attached my resume. I won't need anything from you tonight but Thanks a lot for being available. I may need to get with you in the morning to get something else together. Yu could make some money selling your Enron stuff on Ebay. The keychain I bought for 15 is now selling for over 200. Here is the risktrac book entry template for these books. This is the same info John Valdes sent you, with a few extra details added. These are the books we have set up for Natural Gas that need to be uploaded into Risktrac. Let me know if you need anything else from me. Please call me if you have any questions. Once Zhiyong gets me the information, how would you like this handled? Do you want me to fill out the Schedule A, or would you rather have pivot tables similar to Todd Hall's for each scenario? I noticed that there isn't a wacog being used in your P L. Here are all active in-the-money trades in our books as of last night. Here are the performance deals as well, James may have already sent this to you. Let me know if there is anything I left out. In-the-money trades Summary. It reflects all active in-the-money trades in our books as of last night. The next tab will break out the value by counterparty by month. Please let me know if this is everything you need. There is a before and after column for those products that will have index name changes. xls Can you look at this and check the macros to make sure it all still works? I did my best job trying to get them for Houston, Chicago and Calgary but with over 400 post-id's I guarantee that we missed some. Let me know if you still think it's possible, I would like to get back to Zhiyong today. Attached are a few examples of the broker quotes we get daily for each region. I believe you had requested some curves so I also have the curves that were published for November 30th ready for you. The files may be too large to send so please let me know if this is something you did request and I will get it to you. These are the post-id's that we have pulled. Showna and Debbie Brackett are trying to get the official post-id's from the system. Once they get that, I will check them against these. It is very possible that these won't be all of the correct id's but I wanted to get you something to start on. xls Can you attach a code to these and send it off to global and Cecilia? These are the us gas Netco curves we would like to move over. In columns G H we have also provided you with the gas daily curve mappings for the new database. We are still unsure which books to attach the physical products to. I added two columns to the right showing what the curve is now and what it should be. We made some changes to the curve names to make them consistent. Let me know if you need anything from me to make these changes. All non-electronic financial deals to be entered directly by Risk Management from a written and signed deal ticket required from front office Physical 1. Hunter is still working on his but I wanted to get you something. I will send the finished product when Hunter is done. Keep in mind it will probably change again. I put some question marks next to Brad, John, Pete and Sandra's products. You have them down as managing some physical products. Will they be managing those physical books? If not, they should go to the physical trader managing that location as before. I think we should keep her on Central and let you take Kristen on the East. Please let anyone else who used those files know to start saving them to the new files starting today.