We need to get with the traders today and get these split out many will stay the same as before. Also, when physical deals are done, will all risk types go to the same desk or will one person be managing the index separately. the west desk used to book all index to Grigsby's book. I have told Dawn that all risk types will go to that trader's book but if index needs to be changed let me know. What do we need to do to get this and how soon can it be granted? We need this by Thursday to be prepared for testing. The ref should go away once you roll it for today. Try that this morning and let me know if it works. We added extra rolls so we should never have to add rolls. this will be out new regions file until further notice. Can you copy one of those files and use that as your new P L's? Let me know if you see a problem in doing that. I have highlighted the files and names that should move over. I know with the trader changes last Friday these will change again. The traders had a meeting this morning going over their curves, and it sounds like they are moving some curves between regions and might possibly be losing some locations. Since we will be testing everything on Thursday, we need to have our curve files ready to load on Wednesday to give a prior day curve for portcalc. The west traders are looking at theirs now, can you guys check with your traders and see if they need any changes made to the files, and let them change any links? We also need to create a curve file that the traders can get to, but doesn't give them access to any of our other files, so the current location will not be the final. We can create new ones once it is set up. Hal McKinney is trying to clean up this file this week. This is a list of the curves we will be using in Netco. We may have some additional curves to add to this list but I wanted to get you something to start with. I need the values by month for gas only. They asked for positions but that will be much harder, if you can get anything like that I can use it. Could you please look at them and let me know if there is something in your files that you are not responsible for and we will move them. Also, you can use these files to change or update your links. dropbox West Curves We will probably be loading these on Wednesday for the first time to do our final testing so let me know if you have any questions or need our help with this. Can you let me know when you have finished with yours so we can convert them to the new database? If you have already done this let me know, Phillip is out all week and I don't know where he left off. Once you decide how you are going to break them up, one file for each book or combine them together, can you save them out there so he can start linking them. I think that for the physical regions it may be easier to keep each book separate because people could be moving around a lot. I am trying to request access to this for the traders so they can't see the rest of our files. Can you move your files to this drive today? Debbie, The credit committee needs to get some information from us that I could use your help with. Can I get a dump of the non-terminated deals into excel and I will format it from there. this morning so if you could let me know if this is something your group could provide me with I would appreciate it. This book has been set up and should be ready to go. Can you let me know what deals you would like moved into that book and we will take care of it. Can I please get a copy of the physical Portfolio Request form from you so in the future we get these physical books set up correctly. Could you also tell me what needs to be done differently from all other books. We created our own Data Codes and sent them to global counterparties, is there anything else different? Ed McMicheal needs to value those deals today. I added the unique 4 digit Data codes to column T of the attached spreadsheets. Let me know if there is anything else you need from me. Kam Mike, Do you or anyone else in your group get broker quotes on a daily basis to help set the curves? If so, is there a spreadsheet kept with them that I can get? Some of these directories will have files that are saved with a new name daily, you can pick the latest date to change.