There is a column for that in the trader matrix under the controls folder. Ramesh will be loading our information into risktrac for us once we have all of the information, book admin id is one of the fields he needs. When you have decided can you please input that into the trader matrix and I'll then forward everything to Ramesh. Could you run the detail for these post-id's in grey. These are the physical post-id's that were excluded from the original request. You don't need to run the other post-id's, just the new column I. I believe that Francis Lim has been trying to help you with the project we have been talking about. The information below should be able to replace what he may have given you. You can copy these post-id's and change the dates to whatever you like. We started to move some of the deals manually but there are too many to do. Sanjeev Gupta has been doing this for us in the past. I left a message with him but you might want someone to follow up with him to make sure it happens before calcing time today. Here is a list of the deals if you guys are looking for work to do. Attached is a list of the book names and the traders associated with each book. Let me know what you guys need to get all of this set up this week. Winfree currently manages the Texas risk management group for natural gas and is also responsible for the benchmark reporting group. He works closely with the Desk director and other traders to ensure accurate reporting of the positions and P L's. O'neal and his group recently created a new physical P L reporting tool to assist the risk and trading groups. Scott Palmer is currently the East desk lead and was the central desk lead prior to that. He set up and managed the Wellhead region and created new reporting tools for the traders to manage their supply. James Hungerford has been a book administrator on the East region for the past six months. He quickly became an important part of the team by managing up to three traders' P L's and making numerous improvements to our daily routines such as streamlining the Weapon-X database, automating the new deal checkout and implementing a daily VaR estimate process. Prior to risk management, James was the Operational Analysis coordinator for the east region and worked with risk management and other downstream groups to clean-up all past variances and helped eliminate future problems. Is there another way to create these mappings other than adding them one at a time. We are getting rid of a large percentage of curves and will be making many changes to the current mappings. Doing it one by one will be very time consuming and I want to see if you are able to load them another way. Kam Attached are the book requests for the NetCo. They have already been set-up in Global Counterparties. There is another report that needs to be added to our daily duties, it is currently only being done once a month by accounting. When you all are done identifying those curves could you please get me a list of the curves by risk type? Attached are the original spreadsheets with additional book requests in yellow. This should be the end, or close to it, for the Netco gas book requests. As before, could I get the global id's once you are finished? At some point I would recommend setting up a mailbox for your new controls group. That way we won't have to worry about who is doing what, everyone in the group will get it. The current controls group did that and it was much easier. I have attached five book requests that need to be set up for Netco. Once these are set up can you please call me so I can tell Cecilia. These books are needed for many downstream groups and therefore must be set up soon. Can you set these up before they are in risktrac this time due to these limitations? Attached are the files that need to be copied for the Netco files.