Okay so, five hours at work and so far no fallout from christmas party shenanigans! Yeah, I locked myself out of my house also. I felt so terrible yesterday after our two nights of binge drinking. I can't believe you stayed up partying until 6 in the morning. Hey did we make some sort of deal on those tickets. I vaguely remember something to that effect. So what time did you end up getting home on Saturday night. I was absolutely demolished on Sunday and left the house only to come down and pick up my car which was at the Embassy Suites? Sorry won't be there as I am going down to San Fran to have a few brews with Burns for the weekend. I think I have heard that one from you before. I don't even say shit like that anymore because when I say shit like that I end up partying harder than I would have had I just kept my mouth shut. But in respect for your new job we will make sure you are home and tucked in bed early! Dave, if you are short cash I can send you the check tommorow, however, I will be down there next Wednesday so I can just give you a check when i get down there if you like. Are you on some sort of secret beer newsletter that I am not getting? How come I only hear about this shit from you? I feel out of touch with the world of brewdom I don't believe for a second that you didn't make plans with Dave! I would say lets plan on it but I know how bad you are about shit like that so just call me Sunday and let me know. If I don't hear from you by then I will just assume we aren't going. I figure I ought to hit you up now before you get bac together with dave Yo baby whats up? Thanks for hanging out with me on Monday night. I had a really good time even if you were preoccupied with the Dave thing. I am actually working a day shift which is pretty cool because there is a lot less to do on the day shifts. So, what do you have going for the rest of the week? One of my friends is moving to the Calgary office so we are all going for beers at the Lucky Lab in southeast. Aparently I told her last week that we could grab a movie tonight. I don't want to go so I think I am just going to tell her that this work thing is going to last too late. Are you excited about your party this weekend? I went and bought a couple dress shirts and a tie for my christmas party at Nordstrom yesterday and ended up spending 184 ! I should just refrain from even going to that store. Don't worry about getting cut off I figured your phone just died or something. I am so excited to come down there and hang out in the city. I haven't hung out in the City since turning 21 and would love to go check things out. That would be awesome if you could come into town on Wednesday or Thursday night. Maybe we could grab dinner and some drinks. I called your brother last night and left a message telling him that I was going to be in town. Hopefully he isn't mad at me for all the assing out I did the weekend of Wilsons wedding. Anyway I will give you a call or email you early next week and let you know what our plan is for Wednesday and Thursday. Are you guys doing anything after the game? I know I would like to come by the house and see how things are doing and I am sure those guys would to so let me know if you guys have anything going on Saturday night. Are you guys planning on coming out anytime soon Dont worry about it. I don't really know what our plan is for the Beaver Game as I am hanging out with Burns and some guys from my fraternity and hadn't really planned on hanging out with those guys until after the game. But you can give me a call on my cell phone that day and I can let you know where the Winnebago is and maybe you guys can come meet us or if not we can meet up after the game or something. Thanks for being so nice about me venting. I actually tried to call you but you were porbably in bed. So I just went to the store grabbed as six pack had a few beers and sat at my computer for until about 3 am. I was really having an enmotional night last night. I think I just hadn't let go of my feelings and it all just came out in one night. It is funny but the next morning I got calls from both Price Strader and Kim Kirkwood to see how I was doing. Did I ever tell you the story about Kim and I at Wilsons wedding? If not I should tell you it is really funny. Anyway as far as watching the game I would love to watch it with you but I have tickets. What sucks though is I have a night shift so basically I will be going down there on no sleep. So, i guess i will just give you a call or something when I get back. I thought that you would be watching the game with Dave. Did something happen and you guys get in a fight again or something? That was the absolutely one of the stupidest jokes I have ever heard. Maybe you guys should put down your bongs for a minute and try to come up with something a little better than that.