Actually that doesnt sound very funny to me. I mean what the fuck did he do that for? I can imagine that you would be scared seeing him act like that. Hopefully he doesn't ever act like that or show that kind of temper around you. Anyway its really none of my business i guess. I appreciate the sentiment about my family and I will mention it to my mother. You know what is funny about that is that I was pretty sure she would call and tell you that. You know what, I am starting to get sick too and it sucks because Burnsy is coming into town this weekend. Well, my good streak came to an end after a whopping one week when I found out that my grandma is in a comma and will only live another day or two and my dad is in the hospital again with a blod clot in his heart and will be there a week and maybe longer. It is really hard to be sitting up here and not be with my family right now but I think and hope they understand. And I will be going down there next weekend to visit and apparently for my grandmothers funeral. My mom is not doing well at all and I really wish I could be there for her. On a positive note it looks like i will probably start trading real time energy in the next few weeks. The only thing that sucks is that it is a lot like fire fighter hours in that you have to work night shifts. It works three days on then three days off, three nights on three days off and then once a month you get six days in a row off. So in a month you get a ton more days off but, you have to work some nights and some weekends which sucks. That part will be sweet but I am not too excited about working the 6pm to 6am shift. I know a few of us are going down early and drinking some beers at the peacock John, I wanted to thank you for taking the time to discuss with me the opportunity available in the Real Time Group. Based on our discussion and after further consideration I feel that it would be an excellent fit for both the Real Time Group and myself. With my prior and current work experience and knowledge of the enpower system, I am confident that I will be a valuable asset to your team. I look forward to the opportunity and eagerly await your positive response. After interviewing for the position I still remain very interested in the possibility of becoming a valuable asset to your team. Once again thank you for the opportunity. I am like totally over being wierd about you talking about Dave and have been for a while but, I think I know what you mean Well, honestly I was expecting some kind of smart ass comment! Bill, if you have not filled the slots for this course I would really love to attend it. Let me know Well actually no but I have been hanging out a lot with someone that I really really like a lot. And well, I haven't neccisarily been going without just not in the past few weeks. Just little things like I should be resolving my job situation by the end of next week and some other little stuff that has made me happy and a little more confident about stuff. After how things went the last few months it doesn't take much! You may want to ask Tony when he comes in if he recalls this conversation. Thank you for your attention to this matter. I am glad that you went out with Kathy and Charlene. I think it is good for you guys to keep in touch. I know people move on with their lives and grow out of touch but it seems like you guys have been friends for so long that it would be a shame for you to not keep in touch with each other. It is possible that I may not be able to make the game tonight. I am probably going to have to work late to help out on a project. I will let you know if I can make it but at this point I would assume that I won't be there tonight. I so do not want to be here today that i can hardly contain myself. I think I am going to surf the internet for business opportunities in the Carribean. I saw one of those damn Corona commercials on the big screen. Oh to be sitting on the beach and sipping Coronas right now! She totally acted like I was her best friend or something! give me a break if I wasn't with someone I would have totally went off on her. We went to the peacock and drank some beers with Carter who owns it now We partied most of the morning and then went to the game. Sunday sucked cause i was really hung over and had to be up to portland by noon to play golf with kim but a few beers on the course and I felt great. Speaking of you picking up on chicks Amanda told me a pretty interesting story last week of you trying to pick up on her a couple of times. So lets see, do I have any friends male or female that you didn't try to pick up on while we were dating! I was very embarassed when she told me. I did see the articles about capital consultants. Grayson is lucky he isn't wearing a set of cement sneakers on the bottom of the Willamete for screwing around with union money like that! That is too bad you dont hang out with your friends anymore.