Bill, I would really like to sign up for the derivatives course being offered on June 4th and 5th. I thought of a great comeback for that one but since I haven't heard from you in a while I am going to be nice. And then let the entire country be governed by referendum. Oh wait, lets see there are 50 referendums on my ballot anyway so maybe we don't need state congress either. I am hanging in there as good as can be expected. I was down there for two weeks and spent nearly all day every day with my sister and getting her moved to my moms and taking care of the funeral and all his bills and stuff. It was a very hard two weeks but, I am doing okay. I am more worried about my sister than anything else though. I felt bad leaving but my work had been so cool to give me two weeks of paid that I figured I shouldn't push it. Anyway, I would love to go grab a beer with you sometime in the near future. It is kind of nice just to go out and forget about things once in a while. Let me know sometime if you want to grab a beer or lunch or coffee or something. Thank you for the phone calls and sorry I didnt return them but I was just entirely to busy and recieved too many calls to return them all until I came home. I hope everything is going well for you. We will have to get together and grab a bite to eat or a beer or something this week. I assume when you say sick you were refering to Angelas friend. I have a very good story to tell you about what happened. No come to find out Angelas little friend had herpes! The girl that Jay was dating for a while. Jay didn't care but it caused a huge fight between Angela and I. I think she might come up and be with me for thanksgiving. I have a six day break right around then and I think it would be good for her to just get away for a while. They went very well and she might come up in December for a weekend! Letting him stir is good in some ways but guys actually tend to like a lack of clarity in relationships as it gives them more leeway. However, I don't really know the dynamic in your relationship at all. So Angela and I made up from our huge saturday morning fight before I left on Sunday and she cried like a baby when i left. I just looked at myu schedule and I have to work neew years eve during the day and I don't know yet about new years day. It really isn't that big of a deal to me. I mean it would be nice to go but it is not the slightest bit a priority for me right now. So are you and dave seeing each other exclusively or are you dating other people? I just thought it was wierd seeing two of your friends on two succesive evenings. I just wasnt sure what we were doing thats all. Yes if the Beavs go I will go if i have the day off but it is not likely they will. Likely we will go to the holliday or sun bowls. Well, whatever, I am not really understanding whats going on so just call me sometime or something. I said you cant just take away the dinner offer. I wanted to go to dinner but if you thought it was going to be a big issue between you and Dave I didn't want to cause a fight between you two or something. So are you not talking to me anymore or something? I emailed once and called twice in the past week and a half and haven't heard back from you? I don't work on thursday or Friday so I could meet you guys for lunch either of those days. It would be nice to hang out more than just a few minutes for lunch. I wouldn't stick around for someone that thinks U of O football is more important than getting married. So, we should hang out sometime soon or something. Boy do I have a ton of shit to tell you about. Well I bet your family just feels like I was saying the other night. That you are to close with them to actually move. He has been persuing you for over a year so it appears he is pretty desperate for you services. You have got to realize it s really expensive to live there. You could live in the Valley for cheaper. I would never ever ever live in the valley. Lisa lives there north Hollywood and pays about 900 a month for a one bedroom apartment. So I am curious, if Dave was to say I love you and don't go would you stay? So, you are really serious about this then huh? I thought you were just thinking about it. How much would they have to offer you in order for you to move and what kind of time frame are you thinking about. What do you think daves reaction will be? Just wanted to thank you for your help with my pay check last week. I am back in portland for good now and would love to see you if your time frame allows. I or have a wierd work schedule in which I work three days on t-hen two days off for four shifts in a row nt then get a six day break.