I am very excited about the opportuniy and I am looking forward to becoming a valuable asset to Real Time and Enron as a whole. I am confident the position would be an excellent fit. If you have any further questions please feel free to contact me. I am looking forward to your positive response. I am super busy right now but i will give you a call when I get back and we can hang out. Don't get in to much trouble So, I gave those keys to Kim and told her your story. I probably would have bungeled a story that I made up. Yeah, I can help you out as long as it is not to late in the evening. Do we need to use my car or do you have a truck? Thank you for your attention to this matter. I will be unable to attend. Are you going to Paddy's tommorow night? Well, I don't really know what to tell you. I don't know Dave and all I really know is what you have told me which is that he has a bad temper and appears to have an alcohol problem. I am sure he must be a good guy if you have been dating him this long though. Speaking of alcohol I have kind of come to a realization recently that I need to cut down on my own drinking. That is part of the reason i didn't drink this weekend. I am not going to stop going out for a few beers but, I am just tired of how I feel the next day and just laying around and shit. And the thing with my dad has really scared me into being more healthy. Although it doesn't seem to really show to much i have been going to the gym 5-6 days a week and I just don't want to be my Dads age and be looking at the kind of health problems that he is havning right now. I think for you the best thing to do right now is to figure out whether you think you have a big enough future with Dave to go through with trying to help him with the problem. If you think you do and the drinking thing is an issue to you then you need to bring it up again when he is sober but if you don't think so then maybe you should consider walking away. Good luck and if you need someone to talk to or advice you can always count on me. Friday i took my sister to the blazer game. Anyway, I have a 200 level seat behind the basket for game three of the playoffs do you want to go? I may be able to get game 4 if neccesary also if you are interested. To maintain the model and also to properly run the units i maintained 15 minute verbal contacts with Generation, and updated the scrape based on the numbers that they gave me. The numbers appeared good and there were no problems for those hours. Thank you for your attention to this matter. Is his drinking problem that bad or are his friends over reacting? Not to pile on or anything but yeah that was a bad idea bringing it up when he was drinking. Well, sorry to hear your weekend sucked so bad. I was actually very sick but ended up going out and doing stuff anyway since Burns was in town I just didn't drink. We hung out there for a while and then went to the Gypsy. I came home rather early since I wasn't drinking and didn't want to stay in the smokey Gypsy when i was sick. We went to the peacock first and the tailgated before the game. Burnsy, Sul, Shef, Chris and Jimmy were so retarded by gametime. I felt like a big babysitter being the only sober one. The game was awesome and everyone but me valarie and boyd stayed down in Corvallis. Sunday I was still feeling sick but went to breakfast and shopping with Cheryl and then we justed vegged at her house, watched some football, then went to the movies. For being sick and not touching a drop of alcohol all weekend I remarkebly had a great time. I still don't feel very well and had to go to the doctor yesterday becuase I started having some bad asthma. Everything else is going okay I guess. So anyway, hope your week is going a little better than your weekend went. Were you and Dave in a fight because he flaked on you or was it something else? Did I tell you I saw Carter last weekend? I don't even know Dave so I wouldn't judge him. I just worry about you being with someone that has a bad temper like that. You know eventually that temper might be aimed at you. I know you can take care of yourself and I am sure he is a great guy and wouldn't do anything to hurt you but that doesn't mean I can't worry about ya. I am feeling pretty sick and Burnsy's flight got cancelled so he didn't get in until about 12 last night. I haven't talked to him yet today and last time I talked to him i told him I had plans tonight which have been changed. I would like to go out with him but I don't really feel like drinking and I am really trying to cut back on it. This thing with my dad has really scared me about drinking and bieng more healthy. I am not pretending that I am going to stop drinking I just think it would be a great idea for me to cut back on it. There is no need for me to get as drunk as I did last weekend. If I do go out with Burns tonight should I call you? 