In this regard we had agreed to talk to Stikeman Elliott about representation. It turns out the Stikemans has an unresolveable conflict, as it acts for Enmax, the City of Calgary's retail affiliate and a direct competitor. It seems to me that the available alternatives are Blake Cassels Graydon and Osler Hoskin Harcourt, neither of whom to my specific knowledge have specific expertise in this area. However, as noted, those with any actual or purported expertise tend for that reason to be conflicted. Accordingly, my suggestion is that I speak to Blakes to see what expertise they have, but likely nonetheless retain them assuming there is no conflict on the basis of their general capabilities and their understanding and commitment to Enron. At the end of the day, even if there is a learning curve, it is seemingly learnable and inevitable. Please let me know if you have a problem, as we need to move quickly to get on with the project. To confirm, you were going to let me know how we should proceed with structuring the affiliate liability vs. Once the ball is rolling on the Alberta electricity front, we will re-focus on gas and other jurisdictions, such as Ontario. I am fine with your recommendations except I see no need to have an outside director if not legally required. Who would you recommend as filling that director position? - Corporate Changes and Signing Authorities Please see the attached memo. I will be out of town on Dec 23 through 28 and March 11 through 18. Rockets Tickets In a moment of weakness I agreed to divide up the tickets. I will divide the tickets up in a manner that is absolutely perfect and totally equitable. Please let me know if you know of any particular time or times when, for example, you'll be on vacation or otherwise absent where you would prefer not to be assigned games. In addition, I am assuming that both of you would prefer weekends to week nights let me know if that's not the case. And let me know if you have any other scheduling issues. Also, the third exhibition game is this Saturday night against the Spurs. I believe each of you said you couldn't make it. I'll plan to give them away unless you will be able to use them. Here's the regular season schedule, and I will also be glad to take into account your preferences on particular games if you'll send me an email indicating the games you'd like. So it may be possible for me to be there on the 21st. As always, the schedule could change, but I would make every effort to be there. Bond Equity Trading Belated thanks for this, Mark. I'm scheduled to speak to Robert tomorrow. Good speaking with you earlier - please let me know your plans in January we're aiming for 21st. It is true that there is no wall -- however, it is geographically separate. The equity trading is the end portion of the floor. There are three hallways that go to equity trading, each about 10 feet long. It would not be possible to hear anything said outside of the equity trading area. Robert Bruce is working on updating our policy and procedures in Houston and by copy hereof ask him to update you. Bond Equity Trading Mark Thanks for the enquiry. I've had discussions with Gary this week and am now working out how soft the wall can be in light of that!