Here is the current status as we understand it. As you know, these productions were all made reserving the Enron Entities rights to object or challenge the subpoenas and reserving any claims, defenses, objections, jurisdictional or otherwise, or other responses. However, we were also mindful of your expressed expectation that any data provided be useful and reliable. The collection of data you requested in the subpoenas is neither kept electronically in the same location nor organized as you requested it. In fact during our review of some of the data we found significant errors that called into question the methodology by which the data was extracted from existing information. When it became apparent that we could not accurately estimate how long it would take to get reliable data given the volume of transactions involved, we informed you of the problem. We understand the pressure that you must be under to get data immediately, but we cannot, at this time, give you another date in the immediate future by which we are certain that we will be able to produce accurate data. Moreover, during the iterim between October 18th and today, a number of significant events have occurred that we believe bear on the subpoenas served on the Enron entities. First, we understand that many other parties who were served with the same subpoenas have not provided the detailed information requested and have objected on a variety of very sound legal grounds. Second, the Commission itself has, without a hearing on the motion, unilaterally revised the proposed protective order that is supposed to govern these productions and summarily denied other changes sought by other parties served. We also understand from our discussions with you that the Commission has created various lists or categories for the entities that have been served with subpoenas. We understand that there is a list for those entities that have been cooperating, a list for those who have been delaying and a list for those who have been objecting and exercising their rights to challenge the subpoenas. We understand that the Commission intends to punish, by whatever means it has available, those entities that object and exercise their rights to challenge the subpoenas. If you have and questions or comments, please do not hesitate to contact me. Fergus This email message is for the sole use of the intended recipient s and may contain confidential and privileged information. Any unauthorized review, use, disclosure or distribution is prohibited. If you are not the intended recipient, please contact the sender by reply email and destroy all copies of the original message. To reply to our email administrator directly, send an email to postmaster brobeck. I don't care how you make the arguments, just please make them.