Accordingly, the customer could avoid the stranded costs if it could bypass transmission service. If the loophole does not apply because the contract does not have such a notice provision , the customer could file a Federal Power Act Section 206 proceeding arguing that the contract is no longer just and reasonable, wherein the customer would have the burden of proof. But, if they do, the incumbent utility would still have an opportunity to file for stranded cost recovery but it must do so in that customer's Section 206 proceeding. Likewise, if the utility has already filed for recovery of stranded costs, the customer must make any Section 206 claim in that case. I don't know anything about what the individual states have done. Stranded costs Sarah and I will check on this because Enron did some research on it several years ago. However, the commercial people would like to market this possibly to others, not simply wholesale customers. What happens at the retail level on stranded costs? Joe and Sarah will correct me if I'm wrong, but I believe Order 888 provides that if the muni or other wholesale customer is able to bypass the transmission facilities of its former provider and I believe there is dispute over what constitutes bypass then they may be able to avoid stranded cost liability. Stranded costs I had a question from the commercial people about whether a muni could build a new interconnection to another utility to avoid stranded costs of the incumbent utility. While the particular question happened to be in Indiana and I sent them to Janine , they were stating that this stranded cost avoidance is something that they may want to tout as a benefit of building new interconnections. I think that we would look initially to the state restructuring law to see if this is specifically addressed. However, I recall someone saying that there may be a constitutional question as to whether an incumbent utility can charge stranded costs to someone who leaves its system, but I don't think this has been addressed at the appellate or Supreme Court level. I want to make sure that our commercial people know what is the status of the law in this area. Concerning your Data Request to Generators 2, I believe this question was sent to us in error. Enron Power Marketing does not own any generation in California, so these questions do not apply. Please let me know if I have read the question incorrectly. Data Request 2 - Nox Credits Here is the second data request. wpd Brian - I''ll be on vacation next week so if you have any questions, please call my counterpart in Houston, Christi Nicolay. Christi - Chris is your contact person here to make sure the numbers are correct. Other team members have reviewed your responses, but I have not got a l chance to look at them in detail. As a resutl, I may have further questions or data needs depending upon what was provided. We don't have any information here about Enron Winds' generators. To date, I have received responses to questions 2-8. The only oustanding items are responses to question 1 and a portion of 4 unit identifier. It is understood that the responses for 1 will be availalbe after September 15 and the additional information for 4 will be available this week. We will look over your responses and call you if clarification or additional information is necessary. We did not purovidea separate data requests to Enron Wind. In not doing so, what information are we missing from our data requests? Please e-mail me a response to this questions.