Best, Jeff Calif Senate Takes Up Bill On Deal With Small Generators ? Jim Battin on Thursday introduced legislation that will enable the state's electric utilities and small, independent generators to proceed with a new deal on pricing power supplies. The bill, if enacted, would lower the prices paid to so-called qualifying facilities to about 8 cents a kilowatt-hour from about 17 cents/kWh and would require California utility regulators to ensure that utilities could recover those costs from ratepayers. The new pricing would be retroactive to Feb. 1, 2001, and would run until June 30, 2006. Qualifying facilities produce almost 30 of California 's electricity. While the individual power plants are relatively small, some big energy companies own several qualifying facilities each in California. Passage would allow several companies to restart some 1,000 megawatts of gas-fired generators that have been off line for several weeks. Those generators shut down their gas-fired plants, because they were unable to pay gas suppliers after the utilities fell behind on their power payments. Edison wasn't able to comment immediately. Under the legislation, gas-fired cogeneration plants, which account for two-thirds of California 's qualifying facilities, will be paid based on the cost of signing a five-year gas supply contract. The producers will negotiate five-year contracts, subject to approval by the utilities, or accept a benchmark five-year gas price still to be determined. To take effect immediately as an emergency act, the bill requires approval by two-thirds of both the state Senate and Assembly. If the bill is passed, a process for quickly determining the five-year gas price would begin. Most of the small power plants that run on renewable sources such as solar panels, windmills and hydroelectric generators, will be paid a fixed price of 5. Previously, qualifying facilities were paid based on the spot price of natural gas at the California border, or, if the generator had elected, the California Power Exchange daily clearing price. But generators conceded that the California gas spot market had risen so sharply over the past six months that their power prices had become insupportable. The utilities are to pay for November 2000 deliveries by April 2, for December deliveries by May 1, and for January 2001 deliveries by June 1. Calpine owns the most qualifying facilities in California. Provide cumulative transaction volumes million of Mwh of electricity by calendar quarter for 1999 and 2000. I think I know what you're talking about. I know you weren't asking for a response but I can give a few quick observations based on my well highlighted Order No. 888 and 888-A without any review or knowledge of subsequent cases. So in general, customers can't avoid paying for stranded costs simply by bypassing. There appears to be a loophole that, if applicable, would allow bypass.