screen prices in California and focuses instead why a price-based analysis for market monitoring is inappropriate, since it fails to account for capacity costs, opportunity costs and scarcity values. I assume you are handling this and will let me see a copy of the draft. The nature and type of export fee to be used would have to be developed. This eat up an enormous amount of time on a speculative fee which the majority of the parties are opposed to including. The delay engendered and use of limited resources is unconsiounable. The December 1st filing really doesn't change those things. Since the comments are due on the 16th and I will be gone all next week, I thought I had better let you know my views before leaving. Steve I am really interested in the training but will be on vacation on the 7th. Amy Fitzpatrick will provide you with a course outline and background reading helpful but not mandatory by Monday morning. We want to have 15 people attend this course. I have been working with Jon Koomey, who will be teaching the course, over the last couple of months to tailor a training session that will meet the needs of people who work on this floor. The goal is to provide a comprehensive overview of computations and analytical tools that are the foundation of analyzing energy problems. The course is loosely based on a graduate level course offered at Berkeley which Jon has taught and several people on the floor have taken and on a book that Jon Koomey recently published. This is the first time that this course, in its current form, is being offered. As a result, it should be viewed as a work in progress. Chris Calger and I would like every person in this office to have the opportunity to take this course between now and the end of the year. We have selected a cross-section of people for this first session. Some people have a lot of experience doing analysis while others have little training in this area. Some have been working in the energy industry for several years while others are new to the business. We are hoping that the course will be helpful to people with different backgrounds. Each participant in the class is not only responsible for learning as much as you can, but is also required to give constructive feedback to Jon Koomey and to us on how to make the course better. You will have both formal and informal opportunities to provide feedback. If you aren't willing or don't feel that you have the time to take this one-day course and provide us with thoughtful, constructive suggestions on how to improve the course for the next time please let me know and your name will be removed from the list for this session. Based on the feedback from this course, we will make modifications before the next course is offered in a month or so. With your help, we will be able to improve the training for the people who come after you. Thanks in advance for your help with this, and I hope that you find this training to be helpful. We have always said that out-of-market should be more transparent and more liquid. As long as this information is withheld from the market, these goals will not be achieved. A copy of the transmittal letter is attached.