I pushed him to give me details, but all he said was the cost was a major factor and that Wendy had time off. I think he was bullshiting and that he never really asked them I'm such a skeptic. in reply Hey cutie, I just spent forever writing you a nice little reply to your email on the ski trip, my email availibility, phone b. Sharon said she would get back to me today, but I think we should jump on this lodge asap. How about that Instant Messenger, though. Just think, you'd be able to send me a message and I instantly read it. Almost better than email at Malcolm Pirnie. Here is a detailed description of the flight s you selected, along with any rules and restrictions that apply. These results cover a metro area with several airports. The ones to Hobby are American, and the others are Continental. On American, the one's I sent are the about the only ones. Continental has many available flights for about 35 more. Mat Regan, Hey, I hope things are still going well. I've been thrown right into the mix right away and have barely had a minute to breathe. I'm scheduling gas after the morning trades have been made which basically entails lining up the buyers and sellers to exchange contract numbers. However, it's a great place to learn operational logistics. The intent is that I'll be productive in the role immediately while learning the ropes. As they hire the needed full-time schedulers and I get up to speed, I'll move into market research for the traders. My first such assignment is to value storage in different markets based on historical gas pricing and injection-withdrawel strategies. Let's just say my plate looks to be full. By the way, I'm sure you saw the previous email from our buddy, Ted Bland. Looks like he got the message, although I'm still feeling like there's still some orientation regarding the A/A program itself that we're missing. For instance, did you see that there's a whole page in the intranet dedicated to the program. It mentions month guest speakers and lunches. I also saw mention of a mentoring program. Of course, the A/A happy hours important as well. Anyway, the real reason I wanted to drop the line is to find out if you're spending all your time in Georgia, or if you want to grab lunch sometime this week or hear of any after work activities that would help in meeting other people at Enron. Later, Mat Just so you know, I should be home around six or so. Definitely going to bed early, though, and the Street is on from 8-9. As in, what people think of the digs, when people are wanting to go. My update is that the best weekend for me is the first weekend in March. As lucky as I am, it's probably the worst one for everyone. Hey, do you think you could send me emails of all of those going. I think we should start copying the whole group on correspondance. Mat Leo, Well, actually that is how I spell my name as well. but not Enron - one of the drawbacks to working for a large company. Your analysis of the database structure and its intent is correct. The extra table enables the use of a many-to-many relationship between regulatory items and facilities. This relationship allows users to query facility and review data related to an order. For instance, if an order required the upgrade of chlorination facilities at several plants, one could develop a query and report that produced the results of all equipment inspections for the related facilities. This would not be possible or at least not achieved as easily without the many to many relationship. So yes, you are giving up functionality, so I would only consider eliminating the table if it would causing undo problems with the database. As far as actually modifying the database, there would be some manual labor required for those orders with multiple facilities already assigned. I have to go, but if you or Joanne need to discuss it over the phone, I'd be happy to with a little notice. If possible I would like to attend a portion of the activities. Since I have been with Enron for five months, I do not think I should attend the entire program, but I believe the Derivatives, Modeling and Risk sessions would be of value to me. Please let me know if I can still attend these sessions. Mathew Smith Steve, Hey, what's up my friend? I hear that business is well in Puerto Rico although that was quite awhile ago so who knows. I'm assuming that you are, indeed, still there. I can't believe that I've just finished my fifth month with Enron. Everything is new so I'm learning a ton. Working on a trading floor is quite a different environment than Pirnie. My desk is so small it reminds of Puerto Rico, although there are no bomb threats, the bell does not sound at lunch, and the number of holidays does not exceed the number of work days in the year. I've recently been accepted into a subprogram of the program I'm in to become a trader, so my next year is pretty much planned and eventually I'll start trading.