It could start with sighs and rolling eyes then build to comical efforts to be put out of their misery. Include some digs at John Lavorato's quirks like always pulling up his shirt sleeves. Obviously, the gas market is slow today. I am going to miss the meeting with Vladi about Z6 and weather hedges. I have been planning to be on vacation on August 1st -August 3rd and we are driving this afternoon before the kids get too cranky. It still seems that the bias of the weather products towards an above normal winter and the averaging vs event nature of the weather options keep them from being an effective hedge for Z6. Is there a website maintained by the Corp of Engineers or other source that reports real time hourly flows and generation from the major dams? I remember one from several years ago but I can only find daily averages on the west power site. I received the list of properties you mailed. I would like to stay updated on the market in Hood River and the surrounding areas in Washington as well. I would be interested in lots as well as homes. Here is a short letter that indicates I will give consent contingent to the items we discussed. I didn't make any reference to why I took the utilities out of my name. I left that for you to explain to her that we need to have a cutoff date so we can calculate the final amount. I hope you can make her understand that I have not been obligated to keep these in my name for some time. Since my attorney is out of town until Monday and I doubt that she has all the documents in place to actually place the property in a limited partnership certainly not the 1st lienholders consent we will have to work together next week. If you want to modify this letter let me know. Here is the story with Bobinchuck's bonds. They are being placed privately with a fund of investors. That's why he has flexibility with the timing. Philip Richard, Here is the power point presentation. Also, the web address below contains the music we want to use. If you right click on a song and choose Save Target As you can save the songs to a file. Here is the table to insert during Oxley's introduction. Maybe you could flash to this screen while he speaks. If you can read my notes, the second Oxley intro has a better audio reference to the skewed distribution. Can you send me an email confirming receipt. Andy Lewis will be the subject matter expert along with myself. This spreadsheet is an attempt to outline supply demand in San Marcos by unit. Next, I want to look at the numbers by bedroom. This spreadsheet illustrates that supply will exceed demand in 2002 but demand will catch up in 2003-2005. If the 350 excess units in 2002 were distributed over the entire population that would push occupancy down by 5. Tomorrow, I would like to refine this spreadsheet and try to support some of the population and job growth assumptions with more current data. Hope all is fine with your wife. I would like to get the Stagecoach release finalized. Kevin Kolb is waiting for our comments on the latest draft he faxed you. If it looks ok to you let's sign it and move on. If an employee voluntarily terminates, how long do they have to exercise their options. Any word on the release agreement? Have you sent all the comments back to Kevin Kolb? I can't tell if they are the hold-up or if we are. I am going to be in San Marcos next Friday. It would be good if we could have things signed by then so we can exchange funds. Can you help me with several 1031 exchange questions? I spoke to your office and they thought it best that I address my questions to you directly. I purchased a 32 acre tract in Leander about 8 months ago. I have a contract to sell the property which should close around July 18th. The cash generated at the sale will be close to 1 million after repayment of a loan. I am interested in protecting this gain through a 1031 exchange. I am already involved in a couple of other real estate transactions that might qualify. First, there is a 10 acre tract that was purchased by Bishops Corner, Ltd for 1. I lent the partnership the cash to buy the land with the intent of working with the developer to build a multifamily project. We could not come to terms for the development, so the partnership was conveyed to me. Another investor is the other limited partner. We have set up a Corporation to be the general partner. Is there a creative way to use the land purchase in a 1031 exchange? Second, I have a small tract in New Braunfels under contract for 400,000. If neither of these deals qualify, I would still like to find another piece of property. My two biggest concerns are tying up too much cash and holding property in my own name. Is there a way to insure during the 1st year then move a different entity?