For example, I just spoke to a sales rep for Demilec. That would be approximately 10,000 compared to over 20,000 additional costs for the panels. But would the foam insulation be as effective? Do you have any suggestions of materials or contractors that would help me construct the best home for the money. I am trying to get a bid from Wink with Premier based on you reference. I won't be in the office on Thursday. If you need to email me use pallen70 hotmail. If you decide to move to Kerrville I know of an excellent builder that I have worked with in the past. He has built numerous custom homes in the Kerrville Fredericksburg area that are very high quality. He has excellent long time crews using local German craftsmen. They do outstanding trim work and framing. Most of his houses are Texas style with solid rock walls, standing seam roofs, antique wood flooring, cabinets, etc. Let me know if you are interested. The seller said she would fax the numbers tomorrow morning 12 14. After taking into account the management fee she says they will accept a price of 2,700,000. This is not a bad price for a well maintained located property with large average unit sizes. xls Karen, I interviewed Agustin Leon and Zoya Raynes. Has a lot of experience with quantitative and technical analysis. If not a trader could be an asset to research group. Has already been through Salomon's rotational program. Her interest lean more towards marketing than trading. I would recommend both candidates for further consideration. Since the three nuclear units have gone down there has been a significant increase in imports into California from the northwest which coincides with increased hydro output. This has continued to suppress Socal gas sendouts. Grand Coulee outflows on Monday and Tuesday have exceeded inflows. The elevation is starting to creep lower. What is the elevation target for the end of the month? Why did yesterday's inflow decline so much? Were these positions created in the last week or so? It would be a good idea to pull together the desk heads to air out concerns. We all have questions and don't feel we have all the facts to answer the questions employees are asking. Also please send the unit mix and square footages again. Please call me so we can do a 15 minute phone interview regarding your interest in the trading track program. He is short the summer due to the prospect of another 200,000 /day of supply coming back by July 1st. Therefore, his ultimate target for Sumas is down 0. 40 His winter Sumas shorts are based on his analysis of total supply capacity versus peak demand. Sumas still commands the premium of an isolated market during the winter but the supply numbers don't support that premium. In conclusion, I think I will sell some more summer sumas for my book. I will stay after the meeting to talk about Mike G's issues. Jacques, I need to pull together the Bishops Corner organization documents so we can close on the bank loan. Did Keith and I take the originals or did we leave them with you? I plugged the data on Colonial Oaks into your format. But there is not a professional management company. Comparing the rents charged to the other 17 properties, it doesn't look like the rents have a great deal of upside. The cost per unit is 33,750 for a 1969 project. The numbers would be better if the property was offered at 2. This property has not been on the market. So I would like your input of what the market would pay for it. It does have the benefit of all brick exterior and elderly tenants. Plus the location is by far the most convenient. What do you think could actually be achieved? Can you put me in contact with a lender? I reviewed your revised offer sheet. Her records show basically no other income 75/month , so I subtracted 3,000 from your number. The expenses just need to reflect 20,000 more property taxes and the numbers should be right on.