Karen, Can you tell me when Matt Smith and Jason Wolfe are scheduled to move to new rotations? I would like to move Matt Smith into an assistant trading rotation and have Jason move in to Matt's current rotation in the fundamentals group. Here is the recap of the utilities I have paid since closing. I am going to send the original utility bills to the Kuo's. Remember to fax a copy of the term sheet to John Butler. Last night I spoke to two potential candidates for the trading track, Emil Carlsson and Thomas Considine. Emil is currently tutoring at Hofstra after leaving an option trading position. I would recommend bringing Emil to Houston for further interviews based on his technical knowledge. The biggest drawback was his current situation might show a lack of motivation. Thomas was working as an equity market maker. He is interested in making a change to a job where he can develop more expertise. He is seeking to develop a better understanding of the market he trades. The trading track would be an excellent match for his desires. I would also recommend bringing Thomas to Houston for further consideration. The message being received is that we should trade less aggressively and leave several million dollars of headroom at all times. I know these are not your intended messages. The amount of the penalties should be documented in advance and should increase with the amount of the violation. We want to play by the rules, but the rules need to be fair and known in advance. Also, we are willing to accept these policy revisions retroactively and forget about the 1 million from this morning. Tim, I know you looked into this before but we are still having issues with Mike Grigsby's access to the west power site. He can view some parts of the website but cannot view the heatrate information under the testing tab. Does he have some sort of reduced access? Sorry to bother you with this again, but can you help? Specifically the new west region products spreading malin and pg e vs. Please make this change and call me back this morning. Do you need to incorporate this number is the release or can I just net this amount against the 11,000 and pay them the difference. Do they have an executable copy of the release? I would like to settle up on the repairs, utilities, and the release now. I don't want these issues to get bogged down with the 1st lienholders approval of any assignments. Jacques, Have you received the assignment letter from Marcus Kolb. This letter makes it sound like the assumption is just between the Kuo's and Success Real Estate. Don't they need something signed from Southern Pacific Bank? I certainly don't plan on signing any assignment documents before the release is signed and settled. Has their attorney contacted you with any revisions? Greg, I noticed in the san macos record that some zoning changes were underway. First, I wanted to make sure our property would not be affected. I would l ike to explore the possibility of developing a seniors project not assist ed living. Maybe we could look at the property mentioned below. As I hav e mentioned, my goal is to invest around 2 million in real estate over th e next two years. At the current rate that amount would cover the equity r equirements for 4 projects assuming I continued to have minority interest partner like Keith. The San Marcos City Council on first reading unanimously approved changes to its Sector Two Land Use Plan -- changes over a year in the making and covering a 1. Significant to the revisions are those affe cting a controversial tract owned by resident Jack Weatherford at the corne r of Ranch Road 12 and the newly named Craddock Avenue Bishop Street. We atherford filed suit against the city earlier this year as a result of vari ous city commissions declining to approve re-zoning plans the landowner say s were in synch with land uses deemed acceptable in the current Sector Two plan. Proposed changes to Weatherford's 54 acre tract -- which have no dir ect effect on existing zoning -- deletes the 10 acres of high density resid ential allowed in the current plan and adds instead two additional acres of commercial, one additional acre of medium density residential, and seven a dditional acres of low density residential. In addition, the total eight a cres of the Weatherford tract proposed for medium density residential is su ggested limited to town home, single-family, or multi-family senior housing development in the revised future land use plan. A 50 foot greenbelt buffer is also proposed t o separate the commercial areas from residential ones in the revised plan.