I would appreciate your review and consideration of this matt er. Here is the completed worksheet. I also attached both a plumbing and an electric worksheet. I spoke to Steve Chapman with the panel company in Kerrville. He has a complete set of plans plus an engineers drawing of the slab. I let him know that you would swing by and pick them up. As I mentioned, Mark Olguin should also have a complete set. I will arrange for the additional copies to be mailed. I don't want to misrepresent your position to Greg. Greg, After making an election in October to receive a full distribution of my de ferral account under Section 6. 3 of the plan, a disagreement has arisen reg arding the Phantom Stock Account. This provision is stated to be notwithstanding any other provision of the plan. It also states that the account balance shall be determined as of the last day of the month preceding the date on which the committee re ceives the written request of the participant. In my case this would be as of September 30th. I read this paragraph to indicate a cash payout of 90 of the value of all deferrals as on September 30, 2001. The plan administ rators, however, interpret this paragraph differently. Their reading yield s a cash payout of 90 of the value for deferrals other than the Phantom Stock Account, which they believe should be paid with 90 of Enron Corp. sha res in the account as of September 30, 2001. Their justification is that in several places throughout the plan document and brochures it is stated th at the distributions of the Phantom Stock Account shall be made in shares of Enron Corp. There are two reason that I do not agree with their interpretation. This indicates that any other payout methodologies described in other se ctions of the plan which deal with normal distribution at termination do not apply. The interpretation of the administrators goes beyond section 6. This section does provide for the Phantom Stock Account to be paid in shares. However, it states "The val ue of the shares, and resulting payment amount, will be based on the closin g price of Enron Corp. 3 shares to be distributed for every share in the account on January 1, 2001. Although this would be the most beneficial to the participants due to the decline of the value of Enron Corp. I believe my interpretation under section 6. If the administrators insist on distributing shares instead of cash then section 7. The current interpretation of the plan administrators is a hybrid between the two sections resulting in the lowest possible payout. In addition to myself, Tom Martin, Scott Neal, and Don Black are facing the same issue. I would appreciate your review and consideration of this matt er. After making an election in October to receive a full distribution of my de ferral account under Section 6. 3 of the plan, a disagreement has arisen regarding the Phantom Stock Account. This provision is stated to be notwithstanding any other provision of the plan. It also states that the account balance shall be determined a s of the last day of the month preceding the date on which the committee re ceives the written request of the participant. In my case this would be as of September 30th. I read this paragraph to indicate a cash payout of 90 of the value of all deferrals as on September 30, 2001. The plan administ rators, however, interpret this paragraph differently. Their reading yield s a cash payout of 90 of the value for deferrals other than the Phantom St ock Account, which they believe should be paid with 90 of Enron Corp. sha res in the account as of September 30, 2001. Their justification is that i n several places throughout the plan document and brochures it is stated th at the distributions of the Phantom Stock Account shall be made in shares o f Enron Corp. There are two reason that I do not agree with their interpretation. 3 begins with "notwithstanding any other provision of the Plan. " This indicates that any other payout methodologies described in other se ctions of the plan which deal with normal distribution at termination do not apply. The interpretation of the administrators goes beyond section 6. This section does provide for the Phantom Stock Account to be paid in shares.