In addition to offering to pay the privately owned utilities more than twice the book value, Davis will put the state on the hook for more than a billion dollars in desperately needed repairs to the transmission system. None of which will do anything to keep the lights on this summer when temperatures start to rise and the state's lack of power capacity leads to regular rolling blackouts. Davis' proposal also raises the question of which state employees will take on this highly complex and technical challenge. Since assuming control of the purchase of electricity from the utilities last month, state bureaucrats have been folded, spindled and mutilated in their efforts to negotiate prices with seasoned private sector professionals. The practical effect will be the expiration of the temporary 10 percent rate reduction and a permanent 9 percent rate increase. The billions of dollars in revenue bonds that Davis will issue have already been double-promised, both to pay back state coffers for the electricity currently being purchased and to subsidize the future cost of keeping the utilities solvent. It's a good bet that the 20 percent increase is just the beginning. Unfortunately, Davis' twin goals of spending billions of dollars to bail out the utilities and avoiding rate hikes are mutually and utterly contradictory. The reason that the utilities need saving in the first place is because the state has forbidden them from charging market prices for electricity. And the only way that the state can continue to offer artificially low rates is to either raise taxes, eliminate other spending programs, or pretend to subsidize the cost with the same bonds that have already been double-committed. Knowing that there's not nearly enough money available to allow Davis to keep all of his promises, the utilities themselves have done an admirable job of restraining their enthusiasm for the governor's proposal. Southern California Edison's leaders, recognizing a gun to their head when they saw it, signed onto the deal. Public opinion is already solidly against the utilities, and it's not like they can start supplying power to Arizona if they can't come to terms with Davis. If the state is going to involve itself so deeply in the energy business, Davis needs to find some qualified assistance. Unfortunately, he has instead entrusted California's electricity future to a Democratic Party campaign worker with virtually no experience in energy or power-related issues. Just over a year ago, Davis appointed Loretta Lynch, a San Francisco trial lawyer and longtime Democratic campaign aide, to fill a vacancy on the state Public Utilities Commission. Less than 60 days after Lynch joined the commission, Davis promoted her to the chairmanship. Lynch prepared for her responsibilities through several years in state Democratic politics, including stints as assistant campaign manager for state Attorney General John Van de Kamp's unsuccessful campaign for governor in 1990, as deputy campaign manager for Dianne Feinstein's successful U. Senate campaign in 1992 and as campaign manager for Delaine Eastin's 1994 race for state superintendent of public instruction. For good measure, Lynch worked with aides to then-Gov. This is the resume of someone whose only previous experience with electricity had been turning on and off the lights at state Democratic Party headquarters. Lynch's lack of experience and knowledge about energy has undoubtedly helped turn a significant problem into a full-fledged disaster. California's utilities spent months begging for permission and guidelines to sign long-term agreements with suppliers that would have greatly reduced electricity prices. Both the utilities and their suppliers say that Lynch and her fellow commissioners turned a deaf ear. As late as December, Lynch was still telling the news media that no emergency existed and that California had all the electricity it needed. Jerry Brown appointed another young campaign worker to a critically important position in his administration. Rose Bird, whose only prior legal experience was as a deputy public defender in Santa Clara County, was named as Chief Justice of the state's Supreme Court. Ironically, one of the keys to Davis' election as governor was his ability to distance himself from the legacy of both Brown and Bird. But Davis may have repeated his former boss's worst mistake when he named an equally inexperienced campaign staffer to lead the state agency that is tasked with the responsibility for solving California's electricity crisis. There is still time for Davis to avoid punchline status. But he must immediately replace Lynch with someone who possesses the experience and expertise to help lead California through this critical time. Davis, who is the most politically calibrated of governors, may already be heading in this direction. Because the last thing he wants is to head into a re-election campaign being forced to defend the Rose Bird of electricity.