The figures are tucked inside 1,770 of pages of invoices that Davis has resisted divulging, saying disclosure would encourage suppliers to charge more. The state, which last month released information on its long-term electricity contracts worth 43 billion, agreed Thursday to release the first quarter details. Short on explanation The figures were disclosed late Monday by the California Department of Water Resources, which buys power for the state's financially strapped major utilities, and seem to buttress the administration's contention that the price of power is gradually dropping but offer little or no explanation for what prompted the decrease. In January, for instance, the average price for power on the spot market was 321 a megawatt hour. It peaked in April at 332 and dropped to 271 in May. Davis spokesman Steve Maviglio said the price data supports the governor's assert ions that California has been gouged. The governor's really hurt the ratepayers for the next five or 10 years. The newly released bills highlight the volatility of California's energy market, where the price per megawatt hour ranged from 70 to 1,000. On any given day, the records show, the prices from seller to seller varied widely, with some of the highest prices being charged by public utilities and companies outside Texas. On one day in February, for example, San Diego-based Sempra Energy was charging 165 per mega watt hour, the Eugene Water and Electric Board was charging nearly 500 and Duke Energy, a North Carolina company, was charging up to 575. The state's daily spending peaked May 10 at 102. The state began buying power in mid- January on behalf of the state's major utilities, which were unable to borr ow money to buy power after amassing enormous debts for electricity. which is building several new power plants around California including one in South San Jose, did only 29 million worth of business with the state in the first five months of the year, according to the figures. The state began buying power in mid-January when Pacific Gas Electric Co. On Monday, state lawmakers took another shot at trying to cobble together a plan to rescue financially ailing Edison. While most concede that a rescue plan Davis worked out with Edison will not win the necessary support in the Legislature, lawmakers have creat ed several working groups to come up with alternatives. Byron Sher, D-Redwood City, unveiled the latest compromise proposal that seeks to protect average ratepayers and small businesses from further rate increases and forces everyone else to help finance the Edison bailout. The shared pain proposal would force power producers, owed about 1 billion, to take a 30 percent haircut and agree to forgive about 300 million in Edison debts. And big users would be asked to pay off the remaining 2 billion in debts, possibly by paying higher prices for power. In exchange, large companies would be given the opportunity to buy power on the open market, a system that would allow many of them to sign cheap energy deals. Sher presented the proposal to Senate Democrats Monday a fternoon, but it remains unclear how much support the framework will receiv e in the Legislature. Refund outlook dims Talks break down judge says state is owed much less than its 8. And even at that, said Judge Curtis Wagner, the electricity sellers are owed so much more in unpaid power bills that in the end California might not see one red cent. Wagner announced his recommendation to the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission after two weeks of fruitless negotiations between all the parties to California's electricity crisis. With no settlement, the matter is now in the commissioners' hands. Power generators, Wagner said, had offered a combined 716 million in refunds, an offer the state rejected. Kahn brushed off Wagner's comments, finding victory in the judge's assertion that the state is owed some refunds, a concept the generators have been unwilling to embrace up to now, he said. Since the talks began, some generators have made refund offers -- last week Duke Energy offered 20 million and on Monday, Reliant officials revealed their refund offer was 50 million, provided all other actions against the company were dropped. But the net result of the 15- day closed-door sessions is that California is no closer to getting repaid for what it claims was price gouging by power companies going back to May 2000 than it was the day the talks began. If unsuccessful there, the whole issue could wind up in court for years.