Democrats think the energy issue has become an albatross for the White House. Recent polls show that a majority of the public disapproves of the way Bush is handling energy and environmental issues. What's more, the House of Representatives voted to block the administration from drilling for oil and gas off Florida's gulf coast and in the Great Lakes. Both measures passed with support from 70 Republicans. "When the Republican-controlled House soundly rejects key components of the president's energy policy, it signals an opportunity to build a bipartisan consensus that begins in the center," said Daschle spokeswoman Anita Dunn. The decision to highlight energy policy came late last week after Daschle met privately with his chairmen of key committees. Democrats present also called for action on raising the minimum wage, hate-crimes legislation, a prescription-drug plan for seniors and other issues popular with their supporters. But concentrating on energy policy first gives Democrats an opportunity to seize what has been a Republican issue and turn it to their advantage, aides said. Bush and Vice President Dick Cheney are dogged by their backgrounds as former Texas oilmen. From the moment Cheney argued for more oil and gas production to satisfy the energy needs of the United States, Democrats portrayed Bush and him as beholden to special interests. Jeff Bingaman, the New Mexico Democrat who heads the Senate's energy and natural resources committee, plan to have a comprehensive energy bill ready by the end of July. It will be a full- scale alternative to the Bush-Cheney program unveiled in May. The first floor disputes on energy policy could occur as early as next week, when the Senate debates the spending bill for the Interior Department. Republicans and White House lobbyists will have their hands full fending off Democratic amendments to match the House bans on offshore drilling near Florida beaches and on national monument lands. The White House helped defuse some of the oil-exploration dispute earlier this week by scaling back its plans to drill in the Gulf of Mexico. But huge disagreements remain over drilling in Alaska's Arctic National Wildlife Refuge, a centerpiece of Bush's energy plan. Some Democrats intend to offer an amendment to the Interior spending bill that would prohibit drilling in the refuge. Democrats also want to highlight energy conservation and lower emissions of pollutants that contribute to global warming. One proposal, which combines conservation and anti- pollution goals, would raise gas-mileage requirements for sport utility vehicles. The National Academy of Sciences is studying fuel economy standards and is expected to issue recommendations to Congress later this month. The energy debate also splits Senate Republicans, giving Daschle extra manpower to challenge Bush. Democrats can count on New England Republicans such as Lincoln Chafee of Rhode Island and Olympia Snowe and Susan Collins, both of Maine, to back several Democratic initiatives. , who already has opposed Bush on the patients' bill of rights and campaign finance legislation, also has said he favors more conservation measures than the White House proposes. The White House already has reacted to the criticism of its energy policies. Its budget proposal earlier this year cut research spending for renewable energy, but Bush restored some of the money later. He also has paid more attention to energy conservation, indicating support for spending on efficiency measures beyond what he sought in his budget. But the president is not backing away from his position that the United States needs to become less dependent on foreign oil. And that, White House officials say, requires more oil and gas exploration in the United States. The energy plan Bush sent to Congress last week would authorize drilling in the Alaskan wilderness refuge and would use money from the drilling leases to pay for research into alternative energy sources. In addition to public disapproval of his stands on the environment and energy, the president is losing the sense of urgency that initially accompanied his energy proposals. That gives Democrats a chance to seize the issue and attack the president without competing pressure from the public for quick solutions. I'm informed that Mr. Lay is currently out of the country and that your message has been forwarded to him. In the meantime, I am attaching a document that Ken Lay distributed to business leaders at meetings in Silicon Valley and Los Angeles about 2 weeks ago. Mr. Lay discussed the core/noncore proposal extensively during his trip to Sacramento several weeks ago when, as you recall, he visited Sacramento and met with a variety of legislators from both sides of the aisle to discuss solutions to California's electricity crisis. The Company believes that all customers should be responsible for the costs that have been incurred on their behalf.