Moreover, there is still a question as to whether the issue's proceeds will be adequate to repay the bonds, restore the state's financially troubled private utilities to health and finance future electricity purchases. Despite these hurdles, many analysts predict California will eventually succeed in pulling off the bond deal, though at a cost far higher than originally anticipated. In fact, the apparent easing of the state's energy crunch may make its marketing job a bit less difficult. A recent drop in the price of natural gas, which fuels many California power plants, a mild summer in the West and a June decision by the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission to impose electricity price caps in the region have helped avert the rolling blackouts that roiled the state earlier this year. Still, the specter of history overhangs the bond offering. Rating agencies are haunted by having failed to warn investors of such public-finance disasters as the 1983 default of the Washington Public Power Supply System and the 1994 bankruptcy of Orange County, Calif. Moreover, Moody's Investors Service and Standard Poor's assigned investment-grade ratings as recently as early January to debt issued by Pacific Gas Electric Co. , just three months before the California utility sought Chapter 11 bankruptcy-court protection. By the time California hopes to sell its bonds, in October or early November, the state's electrical-power purchases are expected to leave it owing a total of about 10 billion to its lenders and its own general fund. If the bond issue is delayed beyond that, or canceled, or if the offering flops, California could be forced to make billions of dollars in spending cuts, raise taxes or increase electricity rates for the third time in the past year to pay back what it owes. California's need for the bonds -- like most of the state's energy woes -- stems from its troubled 1996 electricity-deregulation plan. Under the plan, the state's investor-owned utilities were obliged to sell many of their power plants to other companies and purchase electricity through a state-sponsore d power auction. Consumer rates were frozen, but wholesale rates weren't. The system worked fairly well until May, when wholesale rates began soaring amid tight electricity supplies and stronger-than-expected demand. Last year, the state's cost of wholesale power climbed to 27 billion from 7 billion in 1999. In the first six months of this year, that sum hit billion. , and Edison International's Southern California Edison racked up billions of dollars of debts. In January, after power generators stopped doing business with the utilities, the state began buying power on their behalf. It borrowed the money from its general fund, normally used to pay for everything from public safety and environmental programs to social services and education, at a pace of more than 1 billion a month. In February, Mr. Davis's allies in the state Legislature helped him pass a bill authorizing the state to sell bonds to replenish the fund and to continue making power purchases. But legislators cautiously capped the size of the borrowing, using a complex formula. Under the new law, the formula would allow only for a bond sale of less than 1 billion. Realizing that wasn't sufficient, the governor and the assembly drafted another bill that scrapped the formula and allowed the state to sell up to 13. But, in a setback for Mr. Davis, Republican lawmakers banded together to deny him the two-thirds majority needed for the bill to immediately become law. As a result, the law won't take effect until mid-August, when the public-finance market is all but moribund. In the meantime, Mr. Angelides moved to hire underwriters. After receiving four dozen bids from Wall Street investment bankers in February, he retained a team led by J. But under pressure to get the financing moving, the treasurer didn't negotiate firm underwriting fees on the deal. At the time, Mr. Angelides said he expected the underwriters to "skinny dow n" their fees given the enormous size of the offering. From the start, relations between California officials and Wall Street seem ed fraught with miscommunication. In February, Mr. Davis called a meeting to explain to institutional investors, analysts and rating-agency executives h is blueprint for getting a grip on California's energy crisis. The session, hi s only face-to-face meeting with investors to date, was held at Manhattan's Cornell Club. Attendees say the governor kept them waiting for minutes before breezing into the room and giving them only a general overview of the state's energy plan, which left investors grumbling. A spokesman for Mr. Cortright wouldn't comment. Then, in March, the governor's office set up a conference call to update investors.