Working in this sector, at this time, has created many new opportunities. I am interested in talking with you to see if we can do some type of transaction with you guys. It sounds like you have a lot going in areas that we might be interested in. If you could send me a business proposal or summary of what your doing, that would be helpful. I decided to take a graduate level finance class this summer, which I received an A. I am currently taking another graduate finance class this semester. Last year, I was asked back for an interview, which I felt was a good sign. Recently, I wrote a brief letter to the Dean of Admissions, Linda Meehan, informing her of my recent actions as well as my continued interest with Columbia. I hope that these actions will help me get into Columbia this year. My desire to go to Columbia, stems from their network, location, reputation and curriculum. Since growing up in Pelham, it would be nice to get back to New York for a little while. As you can see, my desire to go to Columbia is very strong. I hope this brief e-mail has provided some insight into what I'm doing to get into Columbia. I hope we can meet for lunch sometime soon either up in the Woodlands or downtown. Again, thank you for your interest and I look forward to talking with you about Columbia and future energy transactions. I wanted to reply, even though I have called recently. Work has slowed down a little bit, but will probably pick up in a week or two. I have traded calls with Kara the past two days, so I haven't talked to her in some time. Anyway, I hope your figuring out where we should go for a trip this sping. We will have to know whether Megan and I need to work on our golf games or not. We have been thinking maybe you guys are thinking about going to Ireland or England to play some of the old courses of this world. Or maybe you have been thinking about going to Paris to visit the city of love. Anyway, these are just some of the thinks we have been thinking about. This e-mail will confirm the site visit by your company at the three plants. List of your team members and titles For outside consultants, state their employer Name, phone number office and mobile and e-mail address of your designated deal team leader Lastly, I will serve as the due diligence coordinator for the three plants, handling all questions and responses. I can do nights and weekends, but mainly as much time with them as possible. Golf sounds like a great idea. By the way, do you have Jason Staebels' address or phone number. I am looking more for a refresher course. I am planning on taking it around mid December or as late as mid January. I am beginning to start studying again on my own, but I wanted to get a little more help. I called a while back to get into the Enron class which you helped me get into and I just recently left you a message to take private sessions from the Princeton Review. If you can point me in the right direction, I would greatly appreciate it. I was looking to start sessions as soon as possible. Again, thanks for your help with this issue. Here is the schedule for the Lincoln plant and the confirms. Please give me a call if you have any questions. Here is the schedule for the Wheatland plant and the confirms. Please give me a call if you have any questions. Here is the schedule for the Gleason plant and the confirms. Please give me a call if you have any questions. Wanted to see how this quarters earnings report was going to look like. Many of analyst are reporting that its going to be around. By the way, how did that deal go that you were working on with the company down here? I saw that Convergent was bought by an independent oil and gas company from Houston. Hope all is going well and that you might give me a call before the end of the year. Wanted to see how this quarters earnings report was going to look like. Many of analyst are reporting that its going to be around. By the way, how did that deal go that you were working on with the company down here? I saw that Convergent was bought by an independent oil and gas company from Houston. Hope all is going well and that you might give me a call before the end of the year. Just wanted to talk to you for a quick second about something we talked about this week. Please give me a call and I'll come down.