Again, please give us a call if you have any more questions. Thanks for the call this morning and the e-mail today. Megan and I are ging to dinner tonight and just a simple, relaxing weekend. My last long run is going to be Saturday morning. I am looking forward to running this year since I didn't last year. Love, Please disregard the e-mail asking you to help answer the latest Aquila questions. We answered this question before, but wanted to run it by you to make sure we were right. Here are new questions from Aquila regarding the Wheatland plant. If you can help answer some of these questions, we would greatly appreciate it. Sorry for the delay with the e-mail, I just got back into the office from traveling. We are working hard to sell these assets before year-end - they're a beast. This Friday does not look good for lunch, but I think Tuesday or Wednesday of next week works. This attachment now has a completed answer for question 4. Here is the schedule for the Lincoln plant and the confirms. Please give me a call if you have any questions. Here are the answers to your additional questions. Please give us a call if you have any more questions. Please give us a call if you have any more questions. Was that your harse realities of life speech. I thought you were aa optimist just like myself. I belive I actually should get a lot of credit and not just contribution for this deal. Here are some questions we are working on where we need a little assistance. Here are some more questions regarding the Wheatland Plant. We are trying to finish those today and probably will have them for you by the end of today. We have had to tract down some additional environmental documents. Please give us a call if you have any additional questions. Here is the schedule for the Wheatland plant and the confirms. Please give me a call if you have any questions. Please give us a call if you have any more questions. Here are the answers to your questions. Please give us a call if you have any more questions. Some of these questions are tax related. Please assist us in answering these questions. If you can let me know when you have talked with Dave, that would be great. I am trying to talk with Don Miller and wanted to make sure that you had already talked with Dave. I am sending a rather large fax after this. Please give me a call if you have any questions. Here are the questions for the Lincoln Energy Center facility. Please give us a call if you have any questions. Here is the schedule for the Gleason plant and the confirms. Please give me a call if you have any questions. Just wanted to say congratulations on the close. I hope you had a good trip back to Cincy. Again, I think that both companies are getting a very good deal, with you guys getting excellent assets at a very good price. Hope to talk to you soon and I look forward to seeing the press release. Our guys will be at the plant when you get there. Let me know if you have any additional questions or concerns. It's funny because I had tried to send you an e-mail, after talking to Andrew about the paper. The water analysis that I sent you is for Gleason. Over the weekend we put the other water analysis studies for the other plants on DealBench. Please let me know if you have any other questions. If I could take the class beginning on November 18th, that would be great. I think it would really help me get some problems I've been having worked out. Thanks again for taking the time to get back with me, I greatly appreciate it. Thanks for sending this e-mail so quickly. These are just minor changes that will make it look more consistent. I also talked to a women who sits two seats down from me, who is a recruiter for another group. She wanted to take a look at your resume once it was ready. Let's try and talk about this later today or this weekend, so you can make these changes. Once we get things going internally, I know we can get you over here at Enron pretty quickly. If I don't hear from you later today, please try me at home which is 713 355-8738. I look forward to talking to you about Enron. I hadn't heard from you in a while and wanted to see how evergything was going. Are you in David Cox's group and if so, how are things going? Let me know if I can be of any assistance. I hadn't talked to you in quite some time and wanted to see how everything was going. I had lunch today with my friend, Andrew Slocum, who I think you know. He talked to his good friend Adam Wexslur sp and said things were going well with the paper. He told me that everything seemed to be going great and that the paper has been out on print for a little while now. Please let me know how everything is going, because I think its awesome what your doing. I live within inside the loop on Buffalo Speedway near 59. I think lunch next week sometime would be great. I can come up to the Woodlands and we can meet up for lunch.