My Dad would love to hear from you sometime. Cliff is the guy who is married to Megan's sister Dierdre. He is looking to do corporate development type work with you guys in Cincy. I left a message for Brian Terp to send me his resume so I can send it to you. Let me also know about your conversation with Michael about what we talked about yesterday. Thanks for taking the time to talk with me regarding the opportunities at Cinergy. I enjoyed my discussions with the other guys on the trading floor. There is clearly money to be made trading in the right regions with the right people. I would like to continue trading, but also learn Cinergy's assets to better understand how to effectively trade around these types of assets. It seems that everyone I talked to is enthusiastic about growing the business in the right regions. Let me know if you guys need me to come up and visit again. It was good to see you down on the trading floor today. I have been in the power trading group for about a year now. development group after we sold the peakers to Allegheny and to Cinergy. I was the one who convinced my Dad to buy those two peakers. The power trading group is a really solid group of individuals. Sitting where I do I see and hear alot of what goes on in the heart on Enron and I feel that this part of the company is doing really well. I have been with Enron for over four years now and I continue to learn alot as well as contribute to Enron's bottom line. Eventhough Enron's stock price has come off a little I still think this is a great company and that the overall fundamentals are very sound. I was just talking to Fred Mitro and he says you have put together a couple of different models on coal. Can you please send me those models, so I can get an idea on how you guys are looking at the analysis. I talked with Don Miller and Mitch Robinson and it seems that they have also covered your other concerns. They were the ones who I contacted with your concerns regarding your demin water, tax abatement and electricity questions. I am looking more for a refresher course. I am planning on taking it around mid December or as late as mid January. I am beginning to start studying again on my own, but I wanted to get a little more help. Are you able to assistance me in answering 2. I have already received Dave's comments. With regards to the air permit to construct application, Jinsung will send it to you by email today, if he hasn't already The Petition for Alternate testing, has been sent to you 3. This is a one time report to the State's emergency planning committee, the local emergency response department, and the local fire department declaring the presence of sulfuric acid and lead in quantities greater than 500 lb and 10,000 lb, respectively. These notifications are being mailed out today. We are in the process of tracking down the analytical data associated with the Lake Acquisition property and will hopefully have that to you later today. I hope this helps and please give us a call if you have any more questions. With regards to the Demin water system, there are no capitalized charges in these cost figures - everything is expensed. With respects to the Electricity, there is a Demand Charge included in this numer, which makes up approximately 50 of the cost. The rest is attributable to energy costs. These costs are levelized for the full 12 months of the year. Please let me know if you have any other comments. This attachment now has a completed answer for question 4. Wanted to see if you were around for lunch today. We are trying to set up a meeting tomorrow to discuss the Wheatland switchyard issues. We will have someone from legal, Mitch Robinson and Don Miller attending for Enron. Please let me know what time works best for you for tomorrow morning. Thanks for your assistance with these documents. This was a question that I don't think we had previously answered. Also, question 4 of this attachment, which I sent to you earlier today, will be answered tomorrow. Please let me know if you have any more questions. We will get this resolved today for you. I believe we have already sent you the answers to these questions. The rest of the answers for the peakers will follow shortly - we are cleaning them up a little. Here are the answers to the questions you have sent us. Please give us a call if you have any more questions. Enron would be interested in a coal project. I will send you there presentation they have put together. I will send via e-mail, so you will need to open up the document. Let me run with this with Delainey and I will get back with you and Michael. Here are also the names of the attendees from our conference call. We are working on pulling some other information for you guys, but please give us a call if you need anything else. Here are some more questions where we need your assistance. Here are the Aquila questions - partially answered.