Should you have any due diligence questions or require copies of any oversized documents, please contact me at 713. I think that time and place are good for me. Marlon and Marissa's wedding was alot of fun. Megan and I sat at the married table, which had Pete and Amy Fullem, Kit and her husband, Marc, Sammy and her husband, Jon and Dana Corpina, Dana Schuster and her husband - so as you can see it was pretty interesting. I love going to that evil city, but I love leaving it even better. Overall, it was fun and seems like everyone is doing well. Dana and Jon just had their baby, its a girl. I also ended up seeing Alan Waugh and Tim Hurley. Hurley has gained about 200 pounds - the man is huge. Anyway, I hope all is well and I'll talk to you soon. Ben I will be attending the Columbia Business School session this Monday in Houston. I received your e-mail regarding this years Super Saturday's. I am currently an Associate, but as an Analyst I participated in a couple of Super Saturday's, but haven't done any in a little while, so I wanted to offer up my services. Please let me know if there is anything I can do, because I'll be more than happy to help out again. Pat Cathers was going to call you to have you send me e-mail or fax the spare parts list if you haven't done so all ready. Something has happen to the disk and we are trying to have systems look into it. Just let Stuart now this and he'll understand. I was in your class that you taught for the Princeton Review at Enron just recently. What I'm looking for is a private Math tutor. I wasn't sure if I had to go through the Princeton Review or if I could talk directly to you. I liked the way you taught the class and wanted to see if you taught one on one sessions. If you could let me know, I would appreciate it. Just wanted to give everyone a update on where we were with all the site visits to the plants. As you already know, site visits begin this Thursday and runs through the 27th of October, so its a pretty tight schedule. Gleason will be Dave Kristich Lincoln will be Fred Mitro and Wheatland will be Ross Newlin. These guys will cover the site visits the next two weeks, but everyone else may be asked to fill in for them if needed. While on the site visit, please make sure that the companies do not take any pictures and they are only allowed to talk to you or the plant manager. Most of the companies will probably be there for only a couple of hours per day. I hope all of this is clear and if you have any questions about scheduling please give me a call. Again, thank you for your help with these issues. I wanted to send out an e-mail to everyone who is involved with the site visits. We started the site visits this past Friday with a company going to Wheatland. The site visits will begin tomorrow and run through the the 27th of Ocotber. Dave Kristich will be covering Gleason from tonight/tomorrow morning till Friday afternoon 17th-20th Ross and Fred will be covering Lincoln from Tuesday night to Friday afternoon 18th-20th Chris and Jeff will be covering Wheatland from tonight through Friday afternnon 17th-20th If you have any conflicts with this schedule for this week, please let me know as soon as possible so I can arrange someone else to cover for you. Next week, the Gleason and Wheatland plants will have a company visiting the sites everyday and for Lincoln, Wednesday and Thursday are currently booked, so please plan accordingly to be at the site during that time period. Please give me a call if you have any questions or need anymore information. Again, thank you for all your help with the site visits. List of your team members and titles For outside consultants, state their employer Name, phone number office and mobile and e-mail address of your designated deal team leader Please give me a call if you have any questions. The other confirmations for the other sites will follow shortly. If you could send me a list of people and their cell phone numbers who are going to the sites as well as exact times that you will be there, I would appreciate it. Please let me know if you have any other questions. Those dates are good for you to visit the plants. If you could e-mail a list of the names visiting the site and I will do the same for you. Please let me know the exact times that the teams will be visiting the plants. I don't know how things ended up yesterday, but I think things need to come together very fast. Here is the confidentiality agreement we used to send out to all the bidders. Please let me know if you have any questions. The presentation I sent you yesterday needs to be broken up into three different presentations. You can see that there is a cover page for each presentation. The first presentation is from page 1 to 18 second presentation is from 19 to 36 and the third presentation is from 37 to 55.