Please ensure deadlines are met going forward. They will be staying with us at our house. It will be fun to watch Tyler and Rebecca get to know one another! She is an older woman, but I am sure that they do well. By the way, Stephanie is expecting baby number two -- I think that when she is here she will be about six months pregnant. I thought that I would let you know what her travel plans are on the off chance that you might be in Houston at that time. It would be fun for all of us to get together. I don't know if I had told you, but Chuck Randall has joined Enron and this week I saw another old First City banker, Jeff Baker, who was on his first day here. We could also schedule a First City reunion if you could be here. If it doesn't work this time, just let me know the next time you will be in Houston and I will round up all the usual suspects for a lunch or happy hour. I may need to head to London in October or November. I will let you know if my travel plans develop. I read your note back to Shona, and I understand John's desire to put a reminder in front of people, including commerical staff members, about the need for operating standards. If this is the best time to put that in writing for Europe, then by all means go forward with that. If there is an efficient way to reference this effort as an Enron-wide initiative to define and monitor these standards across all locations and all commodities traded, then that would be great. It simply helps put the London initiative in the context of an Enron-wide effort that we all feel is important. a note being sent out under John Sherriff's name - your thoughts on the cover note ? Comments in red Enron Capital Trade Resources Corp. On the means of delivery, I am not sure from your note whether or not I fully understand the intent. Is there an article to be included in an Enron publication yes and in addition a letter to be sent under John's name if so, to whom will the letter be sent ? Or is the letter from John an introduction to be included as a lead in to the article? Yes - apologies if there is confusion With regard to a global message , I think that one of the key points around fundamental operating standards are that they are intended to be global in nature, applied to every commodity and every location where we engage in trading activities. With these operating standards implemented worldwide, we will know as operations professionals that risk is being mitigated and we will be able to ensure Enron top management that there is consistency in operating standards worldwide. These global standards also should enable Enron to expand its business reach more quickly, with well defined requirements with regard to trading operations. I am not sure from the article as written that the global nature of this effort comes across. Agreed - but the note was targeted at Europe - would welcome the opportunity to work on this with you and Shona Finally, a question regarding timing. The last I knew after you and Brent drafted this starting point for fundamental operating standards was that this was being circulated Shona took this to do after Brent's return to Houston for comments to all business controllers. I don't believe that we are quite at the point that we can say that all business controllers worldwide have reviewed, understand and have implemented these standards. And not to belittle the process of creating the standards, the tough part and the real meat behind this will be an effective exception report on a global basis against these standards. My commitment to Rick Causey is that I will have that global report in production by the end of the year. There is much work to do in defining the content and regularity of the report and even more work to do to identify reliable sources of data for compiling the report. Shona has commissioned Mike Moscoso to work on this, and I believe that Mike has already been working with James New. So I question whether or not you want to publish info about fundamental standards that we can not yet report against. Would a more appropriate time be after the Global Operations Controller meeting in October when we should have worldwide buy-in and commitment to these standards and hopefully our first draft of a meaningful exception report? Can we discuss this - please see separate note from me to Shona Sorry that this response looks so long. I have been interrupted times while responding, so I hope that it makes sense. Since you asked for input, I hope that you don't mind that I gave you some. a note being sent out under John Sherriff's name - your thoughts on the cover note ? We are in the final stages of this process - where we draft a cover letter for John which will introduce this for inclusion within Globalflash the Enron Europe newsletter Have you any thoughts on draft or cover note ?