We arrive on Monday morning March 20th and will return to Houston on Friday morning. Our Tuesday night is booked, having dinner with Fernley. But Monday, Wednesday and Thursday are available. Does it work for you with the baby to do evenings? 1 I just talked with Scott Earnest and asked him to send you and John Sherriff copies of the lastest draft of the report on Singapore. This draft now incorporates comments from Bill Bradford that were pending last week he made the trip to Sydney and Singapore, but had to be in New York last week, meaning his imput was delayed until yesterday. You and John should receive those drafts today. mail message to John Sherriff after you and I talked, simply to clarify the several purposes of my trip to London since you said he was asking. I have scheduled a brief meeting one-on-one with him while I am there. Location, times and attendees are listed for each meeting. I invite you to sit in on any or all of these meetings if you would like to do so. The most meaningful meeting will be on December 8th. In that meeting, we will review the results from the pre-review meetings for Senior Specialists and below. I would anticipate that if at each pre-review meeting the preferred distribution is met as instructed, then this portion of the meeting will not take too long. We will then review in more detail the managers, who will have been pre-ranked in the pre-review meetings. We will also review and rank the directors and senior directors. Brent and I will be working with Fernley next week to iron out the details of our support for Fernley during that transition period. We will also map out an Enron trading operations introduction for Michael Jordan, which may involve a short stint for him in Houston. My goal is to provide a strong resource to Fernley during this transition period and to work with Fernley to provide whatever assistance, training, and orientation to Michael in his role so that his assimilation can be as smooth and effective as possible. I know that Barry and Richard Sage have many good ideas on how we can leverage knowledge and best practices across all Enron locations with trading operations. My earlier trips to London this year were focused solely on Helsinki, and did not allow time to positively focus on leveraging worldwide operations experience. I value input from other trading operations professionals and I look forward to the ideas that can be generated in working with Barry, Richard and some of their direct reports. I also contacted Tani Nath about my trip to see how I could support her as she moves into her role in Global Products. I have not heard from Tani, but I understand from others that she will be in the Houston office next week. It will be unfortunate to miss her on my trip, but based on my commitments in Houston and Rick Causey's desire to move forward on providing trading operations support to Fernley, next week is the best for me to be in London. I did meet with Tani for an hour when she was here week before last and offered to help her in any way if she made the decision to accept the role over Global Products. I trust that she will contact me for that support as needed. I have scheduled a short meeting one on one with you while I am there to discuss how my global role can provide support and resources for your business efforts in London. I look forward to meeting with you next week. This trip is not a leg of the worldwide operations/control review that we are conducting at Joe Sutton's request. By circumstance, as you know, we have taken a look at Helsinki and subsequently Oslo and Frankfurt. It is likely that the continuation of this effort in London will occur in mid April. Copies of the drafts of the findings for Oslo and Frankfurt were provided to Fernley as soon as the team returned to Houston. We hope to finalise those drafts this week as we receive comments from Fernley and the business managers in Oslo and Frankfurt to whom those drafts were provided. Fernley suggested that you would like to see the drafts as opposed to the final copies, so I will have those forwarded to you today. I can also provide you with a draft of that report, the completion of which was pending input from Bill Bradford early this week he made the trip but was out of the office last week. We did do a preliminary review of the Sydney and Singapore findings with Rick Causey and Rick Buy on Friday afternoon, to accommodate the fact that both are out on vacation this week.