You should all receive invitations to this event. In recent years, it has been held in San Antonio. Let me know if you have any questions on either one of these. Thanks for your comprehensive note on your plans for middle and back office in Japan. I have done a quick review, and I agree with your thought processes. I also agree that being able to leverage trading operations personnel and experience in Sydney, with lower wages, makes a lot of sense. While distance is great, the small time zone difference makes this a good option. I want to take a little more time to review this in more detail. After several months of schedules that have been too full, I have initiated a practice of holding one day a week open for work at my desk, with no meetings. That day is Friday this week, so I have put a review of your document on the list for more careful review on Friday. I can send you a note then if there are any other comments that I have. I should have apologized in the first paragraph for standing you up while you were here in Houston. I hope that we will have the opportunity to speak in person sometime in the not too distant future. Mike Jordan and I have been working on a worldwide forum for business controllers for all commodities and offices. I am working on securing a location in or around Houston, shooting for October 23,24 as potential dates. More details to come on that in the next day or so. I know that is a long way from Toyko, but if the dates work for you I hope that you can join us. I received the note about the Wellesley recruiting team meeting on Thursday. I will look forward to seeing you there. I did let Melissa know when the dates were announced that I will quietly slip out about mid afternoon on Thursday. With this being Amanda's first year in junior high, it is important for me to meet the teachers and understand their expectations so that I can best support her in school. Mary Solmonson and Brent from my team will be there for the duration. I look forward to seeing you there, too! On Monday, my sixteen year-old used the cover to cut out pictures of money for a school project. Last night, the magazine made it into my hands around midnight when everything at home was settled in for the night. How nice to see your accomplishments recognized in print. I hope that you have plenty of copies for your mom and dad. We are still doing lots of watering on the yard. No water rationing in our area yet, but it has been put in place in many areas in and around Houston. I have to be in Austin for a presentation and reception late afternoon on September 5, so I thought that it would be fun to try to come earlier and have lunch for your birthday. Looks as if the whole family will go to Hallettsville on the 9th. David and I will enjoy the drive, and I am sure that the girls will enjoy the sleep on the way over! I think will get out and do an Indian Rain dance, as the rain is falling and we need lots ot that! 15 on September 5th at the University of Texas Club. Cindy said you would be in town and that would be a fun celebration, and Cindy and family will join us. I am also going to invite my cousins, Fab and Mary Anne. The other is, I am thrilled that you and your family are going to be able to go to Hallettsville for Dot's birthday and Cindy, Richard, and Brigeda will be able to be there also as they were able to change their plans for the beach to the following week-end, so I think it will be lots of fun, and I know it will mean a lot to Dot too. In fact I called her today and told her you all were going to be able to be there. Mom I will be at the meeting on the 24th. We are excited about the upcoming association,and welcome you to the team. We have arranged an evening meeting to discuss the details. Please read the following attachment for information concerning the meeting time and place. She offered to call all the girls to set times for them to come in and choose outfits. I was planning to do that as a go-between, but when she offered to coordinate that I decided to take her up on it. She just moved her daughter back to Baylor, so she was to begin calling the girls on Monday this week I had given her a list of names and numbers. I talked with Linda Smithey this morning and she had not heard from Beverly yet, either, so I am concerned that she hasn't called everyone on the list. I took Meagan in on Monday night to choose outfits, and Beverly had some great ideas on music, commentary, etc., so I know that she is working on it. Just a little more slowly than I would like! I have a call in to her to see if I need to take some time from work today and make calls. Why don't you call Beverly directly today and just coordinate a time for Jenny to go by. Are you still planning on using Harold Powell for the Fashion Show? If so, when should the girls go to choose something? Please let me know if you need any help.