my fingers crossed not just for Enron because I know you'll find an exciting position with a good company. I just returned from a week in California and I'm having a hard time adjusting to the office. Thanks for trying but appears as if they were looking for a technical trading person to participate in the associates and analysts program. I thought perhaps ebusiness or the like would have been fun. I'll keep you posted on any future news from them. I have spoken to my colleagues concerning possible roles in Marketing and Business Development that may be of interest to you. Unfortunately there are no roles which match your career aspirations at present. However, we will keep your details on file and contact you if any suitable positions arise. Thank you for your email and phone message. I am presently visiting my parents in New Orleans. I would be available for a phone conversation on Tuesday. New Orleans has a 6 hour time difference with London. Please let me know if that is convenient. Many thanks for your on line application for the Enron Europe's A A programme. I tried to call you this afternoon and have left you a message on your answer phone. I would be keen to have a telephone conversation with you next week and am contacting you to schedule an appropriate time. It may be easiest if you specify a time that I could contact you. Currently the most likely availability in my diary is for Tuesday, if this is convenient for you. I have tried Patricia Aufranc twice but there is no answer. If you could reach her early in the morning to resolve, I would be most appreciative. It seems that too many confirm questions are popping up and different forms are being drafted. The first is for the Apr-Oct product and the second for the single day product. I assume your guaranty issues were resolved as I never heard back from you. call I can't remember if your call is at 9 or 10 Houston time. I never received copies of the confirms which we discussed. We sent this master for execution on May 1, 2001 and the counterparty just responded to John with some comments. I spoke with Clem and he is preparing the amendment for immediate execution as the signers will be at an offsite tomorrow. I'll let Tom know as soon as the amendment has been executed. Anna Meytina is on vacation so I left a message with Sharon Chernick. In order to complete our files with respect to the Enron North America Inc. I didn't have your phone or fax numbers to keep you in the loop so I am sending this email by way of explanation. You may recall that Anna Meytina and Cheryl Nelson negotiated one or more agreements between the Bear companies and Enron Credit Inc. These documents included the above referenced 25 Million guaranty. I understand that our respective commercial groups have agreed to an increased guaranty cap 100 Million. I have learned that Anna is on vacation. I don't know which Bear lawyer will look into this recent guaranty development so I hope that you will advise us in that regard. executed an amendment to the March 29, 2001 guaranty to increase the guaranty cap. I have faxed a copy of this amendment to both Bill Carik and Cheryl Lewis. Please provide me with your fax number and I will fax the amendment to you. Cheryl Nelson and I look forward to hearing from you. Please let us know how we can further assist. 