In particular, consent should be obtained from any Reference Entities with which Enron has a significant trading relationship that includes advice or other services that could result in Enron being considered a fiduciary of the Reference Entity or that could otherwise give rise to common law duties that could be violated if the Reference Entity does not consent to the arrangement. Enron need not seek consent from those large and sophisticated counterparties to which Enron merely provides prices and with which Enron trades on an exclusively arms , length basis with no advisory or similar services being provided and with no fiduciary obligations. Where consent is sought, Enron should include a request that the Referenc e Entity acknowledge its receipt of the letter and its consent to being included in the list of Reference Entities. If a Reference Entity fails or refuses to execute the letter, Enron will need to make a determination, on a case-by-case basis, as to whether it is comfortable including that entity on the list of Reference Entities. However, it should be recognized that, by requesting consent, Enron may be limiting its ability to treat an entity as a Reference Entity in the absence of consent. This is due primarily to the fact that activities related to the Product will utilize the same credit function as Enron's other trading activities. This approach would enhance Enron's ability to defend successfully against any claims of impropriety or breach of duty by facilitating Enron's ability to demonstrate that information had not been shared by other traders with those trading the Product. This could be accomplished through a number of procedures. Even if personnel involved in the Product are located on the same floor as other traders, it would be prudent to place them in a separate area of the floor set off by partitions or similar features. Second, procedures should be developed to prohibit the flow of informatio n between Product traders and other traders if such information is material to the creditworthiness of trading counterparties and is not in the public domain. In addition, all trading personnel should be instructed with respect to the procedures through training programs. Finally, senior supervisory officers of Enron should be assigned to monit or communications between the groups of traders and to review and make determinations on requests by traders to communicate information that would otherwise be prohibited under the procedures. These procedures will be similar to those that have been developed in connection with Enron's equity trading activities. Initially, the list could be used to exclude those entities on which it is not feasible for Enron to offer Products due to the nature of its relationships with such entities. those entities with respect to which Enron might be considered a fiduciary and which have not consented to their inclusion and those entities about which Enron has or regularly receives material, non-public information. In addition, those entities with which Enron has entered into confidentiality agreements will most likely need to be excluded, depending on the terms of such agreements. Enron should also establish procedures to monitor its receipt of information regarding Reference Entities on which Products are listed. Pursuant to these procedures, Enron should suspend the listing of quotations, and therefore the issuance of new Products, with respect to a Reference Entity, if Enron is in possession of material, non-public information regarding such Entity of a type, or in situations, that render suspension necessary or advisable. This would include situations in which Enron is considering an investment in or a joint venture with a Reference Entity. The procedures should state that Enron may close out an open position for a Product held by a counterparty, if the counterparty specifically requests Enron to do so. The procedures should also address the pricing of the closing transaction, however, and establish a mechanism for such pricing that minimizes Enron's potential exposure to liability as a result of its effecting a transaction while in possession of material, non-public information. Enron should provide training to the appropriate personnel, which should include instructing such personnel not to furnish Product counterparties with any notification or explanation of a Reference Entity being placed on the restricted list. As noted, we will be assisting you in developing these procedurew, which will need to be integrated into Enron's existing policies and procedures. In addition, as we have advised you in our prior memoranda, there are no procedures that will fully insulate Enron from the potential liabilities arising in connection with its offering of the Product.