While I could not reconcile this plan with reality, I assumed it was the wine in control and then I was both startled and pleased when he added at the evening's end that he had a major non-negotiable condition to accepting my offer namely that I personally would join him, Mary and their guests aboard my yacht. In May 1995, as the departure date appoached, I had a rough time getting Andromeda to the tiny and picturesque Port Vendres in time to pick them up. Every time I have been in the Gulf of Lions, I have been pasted and this was one of the worst. Andromeda broke her inner forestay and lost all telecommunication as well, but after a real dusting we made it and O'Brian and Mary showed me around the village and offered a lunch at their modest and charming home. He took tremendous pride in his wine made from his own grapes, pressed and fermented in barrels in his cellar. I was fascinated by his office, where the books were written. It was lined floor to ceiling with reference works on an array of subjects botany, geography, zoology, medicine, etc. in several languages, but not a single volume dated later than 1820. He was literally immersed in the period of his work. The following morning we were joined by his close friend, the scholar and foremost authority on Peeps Richard Ollard, his publisher Stuart Proffit and his agent Vivien Green. We finalized our itinerary with the decision to visit all the Balearic islands and O'Brian, somewhat wistfully, asked if an additional stop in Istanbul would not be possible? Told it was not, he boarded radiating the impression that I was something of an Indian giver, short-changing him on his yachting holiday. Underway to Menorca beneath a sunny sky with a twenty knot following wind, the sailing was marvelous and O'Brian was delighted. I introduced him to the helm, but he seemed to have no feeling for the wind and the course, and frequently I had to intervene to prevent a full standing gybe. I began to suspect that his autobiographical references to his months at sea as a youth were fanciful. He had no idea of the limitations of even a big yacht like Andromeda in terms of the handling and actual distance we could cover in a day. However, he and Mary adapted quickly to the yacht with no trace of seasickness. Mary, quiet, kind, interesting and interested, was wonderful to have aboard. They were both nearly 80 and I constantly feared she would take a tumble with the ship's motion, but thankfully this never occurred. This was pretty tricky for a boat of Andromeda's size, but I carried it off, happily, without mishap. We had an interesting afternoon ashore with O'Brian showing us about the old city with intense enthusiasm while also demonstrating his fluency in Catalan, the local tongue. That evening, while at dinner back aboard the yacht, he suggested for the first time that I call him Patrick and he would use Tom for me. And so our cruise continued, with Patrick showing keen interest in everything we fished with some success we sailed every day we visited the port of Ciudadela on Menorca and we sailed past the majestic Cape Formentor on the northeast tip of Mallorca where Patrick was entranced by the thousands of sea birds. Ornithology was his true passion as it was for his character Stephen Maturin, who is clearly modeled on Patrick's physique and personality. One evening there was an extremely heated discussion around the table which led to hurt feelings requiring overnight to heal. It started with Patrick asking me if I had heard of a place, Indiana, and a school, the University of Indiana and did I think the school financially responsible? Patrick then mentioned that he was destroying all of his diaries, his journals and all of his correspondence so that no trace of his existence would remain save his novels. So the tension-filled discussion continued. The analogy of an artist framing his painting was raised it was then complete and should not require either the support nor deserve the distraction of knowing the artist's frame of mind at the time of creation. Now, after Patrick's death, we understand some of his thinking. He was his own construct, born Patrick Russ, English not Irish, not university educated, not a sailor, a father who abandoned his family, and altogether a piece of his own fiction. But, that night aboard Andromeda, only Mary knew the truth and understood his deep motives. The following day the unpleasantness passed with more superb sailing in fine Mediterranean weather. In the Med one can't simply wait for a higher tide, so we emptied all our fresh water tanks and tried to back off. I blew out the water in our centerboard trunk with compressed air, over ten tons. Finally, we tied a long hawser to a rock astern and, using our anchor windlass to bar-tight tension, we slowly worked our way off waggling to and fro with our bow thruster. Patrick was delighted with all these nautical operations.