Due to his current placement in the metal room, his safety is assured. But I can wait, it is only a matter of time Taffy - the airline called to say I have to leave a day earlier on my vacation isn't that too bad. Could you please add Friday the 27th of August to my vacation on the calendar. I've promised these to Louise by Friday. Mark My apologies for any confusion resulting from my e-mail yesterday. I think it would make sense for us all to get together to discuss how these work early next week. Mark Louise, I hope you had a pleasant weekend in N. If you have a few minutes to spare, I'd like to get together with you this afternoon to talk about the weather deal documentation. Mark If you didn't believe us before, I'm sure it is by now painfully clear that negotiating master swap agreements is a very lengthy process. My impression is that the commercial team in Portland is anxious to begin trading financially. If this is correct, it would be possible, at least from a legal point of view, to begin trading now under the existing documents. In each case where a master agreement is already in place, trades entered into before the amendments we want will certainly be binding on both parties. Our only issues with trading under these agreements are where we need more restrictive credit provisions and that resumption of trading before an amendment is signed reduces to some extent our negotiating leverage. As to the credit issue, only the credit group can decide whether or not to permit trading under the existing terms. As for the negotiating leverage, if the commercial people want to resume trading immediately, my suggestion would be to let them go ahead. If it turns out that additional leverage is needed, we can always stop trading. Where no master swap agreement exists, we have documentation available to enable trading on a limited basis until the master is signed. Tana has unsuccessfully tried to get you access to our Lotus Notes database so you could determine the status of any negotiation on an up-to-the-minute basis. She will be sending a monthly report of our progress until you get the necessary software to access the database. Of course, if any issues come up in the meantime, please continue to feel free to call. Could you please let me know asap if this is going to be a problem. I am waiting to hear from David Gilbert/Ken Raisler of Sullivan Cromwell to ascertain who will be attending. Andrew Wilkinson will not be able to attend this meeting - he is on paternity leave at present. 7374 'Twas The Night Before Christmas as written by a lawyer 'Twas the nocturnal segment of the diurnal period preceding the annual Yuletide celebration, and throughout our place of residence, kinetic activity was not in evidence among the possessors of this potential party of the first part , including that species of domestic rodent known as Mus musculus. Hosiery was meticulously suspended from the forward edge of the wood burning caloric apparatus, pursuant to our anticipatory pleasure regarding an imminent visitation from an eccentric philanthropist among whose folkloric appellations is the honorific title of St. The prepubescent siblings, comfortably ensconced in their respective accommodations of repose, were experiencing subconscious visual hallucinations of variegated fruit confections moving rhythmically through their cerebrums. My conjugal partner and I, attired in our nocturnal head coverings, were about to take slumberous advantage of the hibernal darkness when upon the avenaceous exterior portion of the grounds there ascended such a cacophony of dissonance that I felt compelled to arise with alacrity from my place of repose for the purpose of ascertaining the precise source thereof. Hastening to the casement, I forthwith opened the barriers sealing this fenestration, noting thereupon that the lunar brilliance without, reflected as it was on the surface of a recent crystalline precipitation, might be said to rival that of the solar meridian itself - thus permitting my incredulous optical sensory organs to behold a miniature airborne runnered conveyance drawn by eight diminutive specimens of the genus Rangifer, piloted by a minuscule, aged chauffeur so ebullient and nimble that it became instantly apparent to me that he was indeed our anticipated caller. As I retracted my cranium from its erstwhile location, and was performing a 180-degree pivot, our distinguished visitant achieved - with utmost celerity and via a downward leap - entry by way of the smoke passage. He was clad entirely in animal pelts soiled by the ebony residue from oxidations of carboniferous fuels which had accumulated on the walls thereof. His resemblance to a street vendor I attributed largely to the plethora of assorted playthings which he bore dorsally in a commodious cloth receptacle.