If possible, I would like to set up a conference call tonight w/ you and Steve. I will also call and leave you a voicemail message. Please let me know if that will work for you and I will have Steve call you then. here is a coy of the presentation that Steve gave last time he was in Japan. Unfortunately, Steve has been out of the country call week. Let me get back with you early tomorrow regarding the presentation. Genderen asked me to send you a reminder notice. We will be loading all the power point presentations onto 1 laptop. Christine Velez Badar The Centers at University of Colorado-Denver 1445 Market St. testimony Can I plez have a copy of Steve's testimony from yesterday in San Diego? com is the correct email address for Steve Kean Thanks. Recently, Tom Davis with the Downtown Management District has experienced some difficulty with sending email to the address he has on file for each of you. Please respond to this message to verify your correct address. Steve Kean asked that you review this memo to Ken Lay. Please let me know as soon as possible if you have any changes. After your review/comments - I will forward it to Ken Lay. The conference will take place at the George R. Brown Convention Center and is expected to attract 3,000 delegates from around the world. Enron has played a leading role in this conference for many years and this year we will participate as a sponsor and prominent exhibitor. Exhibit space and several speaking opportunities have been secured. Ken Lay will serve as a keynote speaker at the event. We particularly need your participation for the Enron exhibit booth. If possible, can I get the call in number and passcode by close of business Friday - Steve will leave for business on Sunday. Maureen Please indicate below whether or not you plan to attend this meeting and through what medium. I'll be glad to add you to the email list. Mr. Kean, please add my name/email address to your distribution list. I am afraid he might have missed a call or two. com This email and any files transmitted with it from the ElPaso Corporation are confidential and intended solely for the use of the individual or entity to whom they are addressed. If you have received this email in error please notify the sender. I am recommending Linda Robertson currently Assistant Secretary for the Department of the Treasury for the position Vice President and General Manager of Federal Government Affairs. office, replacing Joe Hillings who will be retiring early next year. Linda has interviewed with Ken Lay, Tom White, Mike McConnell and Jeff Shankman, who join me in this recommendation. We have conducted extensive reference checks on Linda. On Monday, I will seek Executive Committee approval to extend the offer to Linda. Steve Kean would like the attached memo and attached org chart to go out company wide. Rick Shapiro 01 Managing Director of Government Affairs for the Americas. He will now assume responsibility for North and South America. Ricardo Charvel Senior Director of Government Affairs for Mexico , Jose Bestard Vice President of Government Affairs for South America , and Joe Hillings Vice President of Federal Government Affairs will now report to Rick. Rick and his team will support Enron 01,s North American business units as well as the Caribbean and Southern Cone regions. Mark Schroeder 01 Vice President Government Affairs for Europe, Asia and Africa. Mark is currently leading the government and regulatory affairs teams for Enron Europe. Mike Terraso 01 Vice President Environment, Health Safety and Chief Environmental Officer.