Her new role would be to support EnronCredit. A critical success factor for EnronCredit. In her time at Azurix, Carol has added significantly to her skills and experience. I spoke with John Garrison at length about Carol 01,s performa nce at Azurix. She has expanded her marketing services skills and provided significant support in the investor relations arena. Garrison relates that the Azurix commercial leaders view Carol as a partner, informed about the business and instrumental in handling crises and pursuing business opportunities. A copy of Carol's resume is attached. The deadline for completing performance evaluation information is November 17. The performance review process is critical to year-end evaluations and bonus, promotion and compensation decisions. Please take some time today to get the process started. Please see the attached memo regarding the Enron Advisory Council Meeting scheduled for September 16 17. We understand that the Governor's advisors are not prepared to discuss credit issues at this time. The conference call scheduled for Friday, May 18th has been cancelled. Please let me know when you are ready for us to set up the call. Attached is the near final draft of the organization announcement. If you have any comments, please contact me as soon as possible. Steve asked that I pass the following request along to you. Joyce for Steve Please see the attached documents. I think your points are most valid and we'll reduce to 2,000. Chris and Citigroup co-hosted an event for Shiela last August in Washington which raised 17,000. We have also handled various personal requests for her such as tickets to Enron Field. She has been helpful on several issues this year such as H1-B Visa and was in India with President Clinton at which she spoke to the Power Minister in a helpful way. I would recommend a maximum of 2,000 to go along with our recommendation that she be more attentive to our positions on leading issues. After you put Ken's signature on this, please email it to Joe Hartsoe. Also send it via email to Dan Watkiss - his email address is dwatkiss bracepatt. Please provide me an update on the progress of the working group you have led this year. There are several things I would like you to cover in this regard. Did the working group function through the year or was it terminated I recognize there may be good reasons for the latter, but would like to understand those reasons. Are there other topics we should consider for working groups in the future? Any changes to the working group process itself? Please provide input on the individuals you worked with. If you cannot, please provide the feedback by confidential e-mail to me. Please call me, Maureen McVicker, at 3-1808 and I will get you on his schedule for next week. Any chance I could grab 20-30 minutes this week or next? Chris Attached is Steve Kean's presentation. Are you available for lunch with Steve on Monday, January 8th? Please give me a call at 3-1808 and we can get you on Steve's calendar.