The Credit Issue Michael Hoffman said that the Governor's office wants to start tomorrow's meeting discussing the creditworthiness issue. If the draft is ready, they'd like to discuss on the call tomorrow. Identify the Components of a Comprehensive Solution. It was agreed that our group should put on the table at tomorrow's meeting the universe of issues that need to be included in a comprehensive solution. Enron was asked to take a first stab at what those components are. The following is a brief outline, which is not intended to be definitive, but a starting point for discussion. Utility creditworthiness retail rates must reflect costs Increase supply streamline and otherwise reform the siting process Decrease demand establish real-time pricing implement demand buy-down and other conservation programs Create a real market Remove the State from the power-buying business as soon as possible e. , once new rates are in place and utilities are returned to creditworthiness approximately 3-6 months Return the procurement role to the utilities Reinstate Direct Access immediately for all customers Within 18-24 months, create a "core/noncore" market structure for electricity, similar to California's market structure for natural gas Keep the industry in the hands of the private sector Reject proposals calling on the State to take over transmission, generation, etc. Resolve outstanding legal claims, investigations, etc. Resolution requires certainty and prompt payment understanding that discounts on receivables is on the table for discussion Attached are the contact lists. A conference call has been scheduled for Friday, May 18th. If anyone needs to call in from an international location, please contact Maureen McVicker and she will set up an international number too. Sorry - the on his printed itinerary was missing the country code. Sorry about that Yes - Steve is in Japan until Thursday. He will be in the office on Friday, May 18th. She has legitimate concerns that Enron should not be too eager to help Wyden on this issue as it could be turned against us. already, the May 10th Energy Daily article states incorrectly that Wyden is mulling a bill that will require energy traders to release more market data. I have already flagged for Wyden's office that this is not the intent of the bill and that if it is used to attack merketers that Enron would not support it. Linda suggested that John Shelk and I meet with Wyden's office to get his commitment that any such amendments will be killed. Andrew Lundquist I helped hook Ken up with Andrew last night. Thanks Last week you received the email announcing Enron's executive solicitation. The process for donating is very easy by simply clicking on the United Way link. Please make your donation this week and thank you to those that have already pledged. The Enron kick-off is next Wed and I ask you to encourage your groups to gi ve to this worthy cause. Bus transportation is encouraged, due to limit ed onsite parking. However, if you should need to drive, directions to DePelch in are below. As you know, participation by Enron 01,s executive team is vital to the success of the campaign. To make your contribution, please click on the United Way link, or go directly to Internet Explorer or Netscape and type in in the address field. Either option should take you to Enron 01,s United Way 2000 Campaign site where you shoul d be able to make your pledge within minutes. We look forward to seeing you next week! From Downtown Houston ? Woodway will turn into Memorial and stay on Memorial until you see the Shepherd exit. Take the Shepherd/Durham exit and go through the Shepherd intersection to Durham. A conference call has been scheduled for Monday, May 14 to discuss the composition of the negotiating team.