Tomorrow you will receive an email that allows you to answer 15 questions via email responses about United Way, Enron, and other fun items. Participation with correct answers puts you in the drawing for the employees to represent Corp. " game that will be played to benefit United Way on August 9. The lucky and smart representatives will be playing for great prizes. I encourage your participation in the game, but more importantly, encourage your generous participation in Enron's United Way campaign. Ken Lay will be hosting a reception for Houston City Council Members and other city officials on Monday, July 31st from 6-7 pm in the 50th floor lob by area. This reception is an opportunity for us to update city officials abo ut Enron 01,s businesses, and an opportunity for you to meet your local representatives. With the hard copy of this memo, I have attached bios and detailed information on Houston City Council Members, Houston Port Commissioners, th e Metro Board, and the Sports Authority board. If you are unable to attend, please designate someone on your management te am to represent you. Steve, Ca you please include me in this also? I'd like to hear their views on south America. Please see the attached memo regarding the Enron Advisory Council Meeting scheduled for September 16 17. All press inquiries should be directed to Eric Thode. We will use only those parts of the more detailed statement which are necessary. The document begins with a background piece to briefly educate Enron personnel who may not be aware of Project Stanley but may be called upon to respond to regulators' or customers' inquiries. Aleck - - please get Seabrou's help filling in the blanks. Richard - - feel free to forward to outside counsel as you see fit. Please do not forward the Project Stanley email that we sent to you earlier today. I am making some revisions and will forward the revised document out to you and the others. Regarding the Brand Conference in San Francisco Aug. 13 -15, here is the flight information for Steve Kean and his wife, Melissa. You had asked for this in case Cindy wants to travel at the same time. Will you please email your company address and your fax back to Steve Kean. Maureen McVicker Steve Kean's Assistant Can you please send your email addresses and fax numbers too. So I can email you information Thank you. Maureen McVicker Steve Kean's Assistant Joe Ronan JoeR calpine. 1 the call in information for Friday's conference call 2 a summary of yesterday's conference call from Jeff Dasovich, Enron 3 two documents that list the contact information we have received to date please email Steve Kean skean. As we receive more contact information, revised lists will be emailed to everyone. A conference call has been scheduled for Friday, May 18th. If credit issues are to be discussed, this is the call in number we will use. If credit issues are not to be discussed, a separate call in number will be set up and you will be notified with the new dial in numbers. Here is the summary Jeff Dasovich sent regarding yesterday's conference call. In order to keep everyone in the loop, the folks on today's call wanted to send out a brief summary of the call for the benefit of those who couldn't make it. Apologies for any omissions, inaccuracies, etc. Others who were on the call please chime in if I've gotten anything wrong, or missed anything. On the subject of how the group would organize itself, it was agreed that the calls would be open to anyone who wanted to participate. A smaller group consisting of Duke, El Paso, Enron, and Williams would take the lead on walking the halls of Sacramento, meeting with policy makers, and advocating whatever plan the group develops. Folks agreed that achieving a comprehensive solution requires a tangible process that is, the principals need to get in a room, face to face, for however long it takes to work out a resolution. It was agreed that the process should start no later than the beginning of next week, and that it should take place in Sacramento. It was decided that the Legislature and the Attorney General needed to be brought into the process as soon as possible. Folks on the call agreed to have the next "supplier-only" call-in meeting on Friday.