After I get all info I wil probably consolidate and give to sharon for keping but I think it make sense forme to consolidate all info on these employees. There are several business issues outstanding. Fran is trying to get with McMahon to get his take on tham. David, Just a question as to whether Dynegy has been notified that we are amending the contracts of these guys to delete minimum or target bonus and replacing with performance bonus memo? We may want to send a brief email confirming the discussions and their consent so that we have it for our files. By copy of this email, I am asking Twanda to call the security console to alert them of your arrival. Hi Dawn, I am working on a project that requires the review of employment contracts. I do not have signed copies of several Enron Canada agreements. Would you mind faxing them down to me via Twanda as soon as possible on Friday? Please call Twanda before the fax arrives, as it is a central legal department fax and not a private one. Tom Alonso Mark Fischer Ben Jacoby Laura Luce Mike McDonald Narsimha Misra Dave Parquet Gregg Penman Frank Vickers Andy Zipper Would you mind asking the vault if they have these? If not, could you get with Knudsen to get them? I've asked them for dates, and I've got them from 2 of them. Tell him to chill out -- his client's deposition has been scheduled and rescheduled too many times to count. I will provide you with a transcript upon receipt. Additionally, counsel for Clonch continues to call me and write me letters for Deposition dates for Enron officials. I believe that he may be better suited to answer your questions and may have the time while I am out on vacation next week. I have left him a voice mail telling him that you may give him a call, so he will be prepared. The only one in question is for Brian Redmond, whose contract we did not have. Jeanie is going to pull the contract in the morning and give it to Twanda. Twanda will prepare the draft amendment and change to the memo and get it to Kriste for finalizing. Stewart called me last week for some advice. I had to leave a message for him when I called him back. So, I gave him your names as backup in case he needs immediate assistance. Just wanted you to know that he might be calling one of you. David, Late last week, I received a call from Kristen Kracraft, who does employment law at Dynegy. She indicated that they would like for there to be a protocol for how to handle things if there is a desire to allow the hiring of employees from Dynegy to Enron or vice versa. Of course, such hiring would have to be coordinated at the top of the company to avoid any type of free-for-all. At a minimum, I would think that you and Andrea Lang would have to be the ones who make the decisions. With that thought, I have asked Tim O'Rourke's team to work on such a protocol. In the meantime, Kristen mentioned that one person in Rick Shapiro's group wants to go to Dynegy. She understood that Shapiro had said it was ok. If not, should you give Andrea a call about it? I am concerned about the floodgate effect, so I believe we should proceed with extreme caution. I have reviewed the contract for Brent. He has a 3-month non-compete after the termination of his employment. If not, we have to make decisions about pursuing him in court. One of our offices wants to offer employees that opportunity, with some sort of enhanced benefit if they take it. Your quick thoughts on this would be appreciated. Fran, the latest on gp closing is Nov. David, You asked me to provide my opinion about the employment agreement provisions relating to target bonus amounts that are based on performance. This language does not address a person's performance as compared to one's peers, but instead looks at the number of performance criteria and requires that a person be in the top 25 of those criteria. Thus, if there are only 3 rating categories i.