Salt storage project Hello Mr. Fossum, I thought I would drop you a line to say hello and let you know we are still alive. We are currently in the process of securing the land and minerals to build a high deliverability storage project in Texas. In several weeks we will be in a position to present the project to you if there is any interest. Two 8 bcf caverns total working gas capacity of 16 bcf facility. Designed to accommodate expansion while in operation ? Bi-directional access to 4 interstate pipelines and 3 intrastate pipelines. The facility will be designed to meet optimum flexibility to meet commercial dispatch requirements. The facility can commence commercial operations by fourth qtr 2002. Recent comps for storage facility sales transactions have sold for? Clark John, great to hear that you are still doing the Lord's work on this case! Sounds like you have things well in hand and that the appeal argument went well. Good luck on this one and please let me know how it turns out--in fact, please send me a copy of the appellate decision when issued at this email address or by mail at 1111 S. The panel took the matter under advisement when the argument was finished. The panel was Judge Jacobs who was on the recent Primetime 24 Joint Venture case dealing with the "access barring" sham exception to Noerr- Pennington , Judge Straub and Judge Sacks. All three are from private practice with large firms. The argument went reasonably well, although the panel played it pretty close to the vest. Bath's counsel was not brilliant and received a lot of hard questions from the bench. The panel seemed to have no trouble with the fact that the District Court reviewed the administrative record in addition to the allegations in Bath's complaint. They got close to getting a concession from Bath's counsel that the complaint alleges damages from long delays in the administrative process, which necessarily puts at issue the overall course of the agency proceedings and requires the judge to review the record. The panel also seemed uninterested in Bath's argument that Noerr-Pennington immunity only applies to antitrust cases. The panel recognized that the First Amendment protections must apply to all types of causes of action. The biggest issue for the panel appeared to be the "fraud" sham exception to Noerr-Pennington. The court came back to the question of what to do if a party claims that there has been clear fraud committed during the agency proceeding. I argued, and Judge Straub agreed, that such fraud is only relevant under the case law if it goes to the very core of the proceeding and deprives it of its legitimacy. The district court's opinion establishes that noting like that occurred here. Finally, both I and David Connors argued that the lower court's alternative proximate cause ruling was independently fatal to Bath's complaint, in that the alleged "fraud", even if it had occurred, did not cause any of Bath's alleged damages. Otherwise, we will just have to wait for the decision. If we just use the same footnotes as a matter of convenience, we may have some flexibility. Form 2 Per Tim's discussion with Chandler, they do not attach the brown cover, but the footnotes used in the brown cover match the footnotes used in the Form 2. He also asked for the list of who receives the Borwn cover, Chandler has to get from Treasury, which he said they don't like to do. Enerson and I were just talking about you on Friday--I'm forwarding this to him so he can take you out and feed you. Give me a ring if you have a few minutes and I'll give you the update on what's going on up here dial 87-7449 in case you've forgotten how to dial us from world headquarters. I am in Houston I am in Houston today, tomorow, and through Wed. If either or both of you guys are in Houston and free for lunch, let me know. Also, I've run this by Lou and Dot for their input. Here's an updated version of the posting based upon Drew's comments. Feel free to take one more crack at it if necessary. Otherwise, we'll have it up on various sites. Laura and I will scan resumes received and bring to your attention any viable candidates. Candidate must have significant experience in drafting, negotiating, and closing complex commercial agreements in a regulated, oil and gas pipeline environment.