Like the captain of a ship, you must bear full accountability. Harsher still was the criticism leveled by Sen. Robert Byrd D-West Virginia , a member of Richardson's own party, who said Richardson's pledges to get to the bottom of the case would not sway the opinion of the Senate, whose trust he had lost permanently. Speaking directly to Richardson, a one-time congressman and former Ambassador to the United Nations, Byrd said, "You had a bright and brilliant career, but you will never again receive the support of the U. He added that he had made vast changes in the security culture at the department and in the nation's weapons laboratories, and had put off a good many longtime employees as a consequence. "I've been excoriated, but if you go into the scientific and academic community, I am driving scientists away. " He also said he has been accused of racism in the Wen Ho Lee case, and has had to battle members of own party who saw regular polygraph tests for employees as a violation of civil rights. James Inhofe R-Oklahoma suggested that the "captain of the ship" wasn't Richardson, but President Bill Clinton, who Inhofe said was responsible for a variety of security policy changes and leaks to the media that have led to a relaxed, careless attitude among those charged with overseeing the nation's weapons secrets. 'Serious loss of control over classified information' Also appearing before the panel was Dr. John Browne, director of the Los Alamos facility. Dr. John Browne Browne, while attempting to illustrate for panel members -- with charts -- just how difficult it is to gain access to the X-Division, admitted that his security operatives have lost control over how classified information is handled -- mainly because there is no set procedure to determine who handled much of the material and when. "From a national security perspective, these are positive indications. Pete Domenici R-New Mexico for ceding all weapons security issues to a newly confirmed director of a semi-autonomous agency formed to assess and reformulate all security procedures. John Gordon, confirmed by the Senate to helm the agency but not as yet sworn into the post, will report to Richardson, but will not be directed by anyone else at the Energy Department. The Senate had held up Gordon's confirmation for months for unspecified reasons, but he was unanimously confirmed last week after news of the hard drives' disappearance was released. Warner was less congratulatory, warning Richardson outright that he must honor the 1999 law creating the agency and allow it to go about its business unfettered. The panel closed its session to the public and members of the media just after noon on Wednesday so specifics of the case could be discussed. Domenici predicted earlier in the day that a closed session would yield much more in the way of disturbing information. Initially, Air Force Gen. Eugene Habiger, the Energy Department's top security officer, and Los Alamos Lab Director John Browne said in congressional testimony that a scientist had reported seeing the two devices in the vault on April 7, a month before they were found missing and seven weeks before senior lab officials were notified. Another individual has told investigators he went into the vault on April 27 and would have noticed if they had been missing then, but does not recall actually seeing them. What's clear, said Goss, is that there was inadequate tracking on paper of the use of the two drives, which belonged to an emergency nuclear response team. The team is trained to be ready to find and disarm a nuclear device on short notice. All 26 individuals who had unescorted access to the vault have been given polygraph tests, according to Richardson. Browne, the lab's director, has testified that security rules for the tracking of items classified as secret were eased government-wide in 1992 to reduce the cost of handling the large amount of documents carrying this designation. In early 1993 it was extended by then-President Bush to government contractors such as the University of California, which runs the Los Alamos lab. The policy was continued by the Clinton administration.