Energy Secretary Bill Richardson The two hard drives, each smaller than a deck of playing cards, held vital nuclear weapons secrets and were stored in a secured vault at the storied New Mexico nuclear weapons laboratory. The secretary speculated that the disappearance of the hard drives may have been an unintentional mistake by a lab employee, who feared coming forward when alarms were raised. "I will not take disciplinary action until I have all the facts before me," he said, vowing, "I will not rest until I know what happened -- when, where, why and by whom. The two hard drives were discovered missing on May 7, when weapons scientists took an inventory of the drives stored within a vault at the laboratory's X-Division as a massive wildfire approached the facility. The section is perhaps the most sensitive area of the facility, and is where the most classified nuclear weapons research, design and development is undertaken. The scientists had been tasked with checking to assure that all of the division's drives were safely within the vault in the event that the lab would have to be evacuated. An evacuation was ordered the next day because of the fire threat, but no one reported the drives missing until May 31, sparking a massive search of the area -- and deep anger in Washington. The drives contain vital information on the makeup of U. , Russian, Chinese and French nuclear weapons. They mysteriously reappeared last Friday in a room at the lab that already had been searched several times. Richardson taken to task early, and often Richardson's pledge to bring accountability to bear on those responsible for the missing drives was met with cold stares from committee members of both parties. Members of the Senate have awaited the secretary's appearance for several days, after he last week declined an opportunity to offer Senate testimony, saying he wanted to wait until he had more information. Strom Thurmond The safety of weapons secrets has dogged Richardson for much of his tenure as Energy Secretary. During his watch, Los Alamos scientist Wen Ho Lee was removed from his position amid charges of spying. He has been formally charged with mishandling classified information -- not espionage -- and awaits trial. Members of Congress have also raised red flags over the reported sale of computers once used at the Savannah River nuclear weapons facility in Augusta, Georgia. Those computers, two senators intimated Wednesday, may have once contained classified information that could have been reconstructed by their new owners. Strom Thurmond R-South Carolina suggested at Wednesday's hearings that some of the Savannah River computers may have been sold to the People's Republic of China. John Warner In his opening statement, Armed Services Chairman John Warner R-Virginia lined Richardson himself up for accountability, saying that although Richardson has worked to change the security culture at the Energy Department and the national laboratories, ultimately, responsibility for ongoing lapses rests with him. Harsher still was the criticism leveled by Sen. Robert Byrd D-West Virginia , a member of Richardson's own party, who said Richardson's pledges to get to the bottom of the case would not sway the opinion of the Senate, whose trust he had lost permanently. Referring to Richardson's refusal to testify last week, Byrd said, "You've waited and shown contempt of Congress that borders on supreme arrogance." Speaking directly to Richardson, a one-time congressman and former Ambassador to the United Nations, Byrd said, "You had a bright and brilliant career, but you will never again receive the support of the U. He added that he had made vast changes in the security culture at the department and in the nation's weapons laboratories, and had put off a good many longtime employees as a consequence. He also said he has been accused of racism in the Wen Ho Lee case, and has had to battle members of own party who saw regular polygraph tests for employees as a violation of civil rights.