I'm happy to take a stab at a first draft, but am not sure where to begin. If you could list some specific points you think we ought to make, that would be helpful. We were able to get ahold of Mike Moran and he was able to give us invaluable assistance and the time just got away. Tony and I will get with Susan for a summary. There was an announcement on the wires on September 6 dealing with the n-Cube technology that will be used in the Blockbuster deal. Blockbuster hasn't enjoyed a great market reception. In fact, it has fared so poorly since going public 13 months ago that today you can pick up a share of the Dallas video-rental giant for the price of a video rental and a couple of late fees. But analysts who have promoted the stock from its initial public offering in August 1999 say now is a better time than ever to bet on Blockbuster. They say the company is poised to capitalize both on its ubiquitous stores and the emerging market for delivering movies over the Internet. For starters, Blockbuster, with 5,000 blue-and-yellow stores in the U. Blockbuster is also moving beyond its storefronts. In July, Blockbuster signed a 20-year agreement to sell movies over the growing broadband network being built by Houston-based Enron. Mr. O'Hare notes that the company's earnings are expected to grow at a 20 annual clip over the next five years, while the stock trades at a relatively inexpensive 14 times earnings. In 2001, the company's earnings are projected to grow by 28. So by one measure, Blockbuster trades for about half that rate. The stock also trades for less than one third of its book value. New York-based Viacom plans to distribute the rest to its shareholders, but is waiting for the price to rise. Blockbuster ended its first day of trading at 15, its offering price. It went down from there and bottomed out at 8. Not even a better-than-expected second-quarter financial report on Aug. The company lost 16 cents a share, compared with a 28-cent net loss a year earlier. Excluding losses from new-media initiatives, such as development of its Blockbuster. com Web site, it posted cash earnings of 24. Analysts say the news will improve, with a consensus estimate that Blockbuster will earn 64 cents a share before charges this year. The company also expects its market share to reach at least 35 this year, four times that of its nearest competitor, Hollywood Entertainment's Hollywood Video. com's Mr. O'Hare says the stock could double in the next 12 to 18 months. Salomon Smith Barney analyst David Riedel in New York has a 26 target price, also in 12 to 18 months. One culprit is the new-media initiatives, which are obscuring the company's profits elsewhere. And, as Blockbuster Chief Executive John Antioco noted recently when warning that third-quarter revenue would be slow, there have been few recent big hits among the new video releases. Mr. Antioco also acknowledges there may be confusion over how well Blockbuster is mixing its traditional retail business with the advent of movies-on-demand and other new-media ventures. Indeed, for all Blockbuster's talk about new media, it doesn't yet deliver movies electronically and customers still can't do things like reserve movies by using Blockbuster. Thus far, customers can do little more than buy videos and digital videodisks on the Web site. "People who buy retail stocks don't fully understand our story, and people who buy media stocks may not totally understand the transition. " In the end, the company will be a mix of new media and traditional retailing. But Mr. Antioco says Blockbuster is now in an ideal position. The company has delivered solid earnings from its core video-store business and has struck potentially big deals to bring movies to consumers in their homes. "Now we have several new-media plays beyond that. The agreement with the most potential, analysts say, is the Enron deal, in which Blockbuster will distribute movies over the energy giant's broadband network to set-top boxes in consumers' homes. Mr. Antioco says Blockbuster will be delivering movies in a couple of markets served by Enron's network by the end of the year and predicts that will be just a prelude to a wider rollout in 2001. Certainly, there are potential stumbling blocks. To make the deal work, Enron and Blockbuster need digital-subscriber-line providers to step up enrollment and solve the spotty service and technical glitches that have plagued large numbers of users.