We have you slotted to move with us although we don't know exactly where yet , but we were not sure if we needed to make space for anyone else that works for you. Don't forget we have lunch scheduled tomorrow. Dan, Here is the Sun Devil Expansion Project information. Please review and give me a call at your convience to discuss. We also have some space left from our Red Rock Expansion that we can discuss as well. Thank you for your interest and I look forward to working with you. She will need to look at how much capacity she will have to move to make room for us. She and probably Vernon will get back to us. I'll keep you posted on our conversations. Janell and Dennis will not be able to go anywhere in 2002 due to Janell's broken leg. Would you please email me the final bullets from last week. I don't necessarily go look for the final copy since I am the one who combines all the bullets. Audrey, As a matter of practice, would you automatically email me the final bullets document after Steve approves? I will then save it in my word file and use it to start the next weeks bullets. Sorry about all the "red-lines", but I think it makes it easier to see where we have made all of our changes. Please let me know if you have any thoughts on this agreement. Please review and let me know if you have any concerns. Please review the changes I made with Gaylen and let me know your thoughts. By the way, I did receive your signed I/C agreements on Friday afternoon. We are routing internally for signature. I just wanted to check in with you and see how you were doing. Actually, we have to be packed up by close of business on Wednesday, March 13. Ruthann will be calling each of you to discuss your move needs, such as your type of computer equipment, whether or not you are moving your chair, etc.. Please let Audrey or me know if you have any questions. Gaylen and Jodi, Here is the schematic for the Blanco Hub, it has not been updated for your new interconnect yet. I've got a draft that I will update for the spending. By the way, do you guys have a list of the customers that will be attending your customer meeting next week? We have a response back from the Hotel Firenze same hotel we stayed in before in Rome for the last two nights of our trip June that they do have availability. They will need credit card info if we want to confirm. I have not heard from the Hotel Conditti which is the hotel we had reservations for back in September and is located closer to the Spanish Steps than the Hotel Firenze and hope to hear from them soon. I have also not heard back from the Marincanto Hotel in Positano. I thought we would give the Hotel Conditti another day to respond before making our decision. I have not checked into other Rome hotels. Let me know if you would like me to investigate others. Please check out each of the above web sites and let me know what you think. The Condotti is a little more expensive, but certainly looks very nice. We know that Firenze was fine and I'm certainly happy to stay there again if everyone is game. Paul please talk with Judy and let me know what your vote is. Also, let me know if you want me to check on other hotels in Rome. Once I tally the votes, I'll confirm the hotel. Paul, you'll have to give me your credit card information. Call me with this info, do not send email. Due to Big E issues, I cannot delete any email messages and I don't want this info hanging around. Stuart, Your ears, or maybe mine, must have been burning lately. I have been thinking about you over the past couple of days and wanted to call you and schedule lunch. Is your new office in the Greenway Plaza area? Gosh, we have lots to catch up on from both your side and mine. What is you schedule the week of March 18? My Italian Amigos, I have just received a fax from the Marincanto Hotel, Positano. They do have availability for us beginning May 25 for 3 nights. The only difference between the rooms that I can tell from their fax is that the superior room has a jacuzzi bath. I do not know where in the room the jacuzzi is located.