Also, notice the weird indentation on 3. filled in detail on Agave contacts as per their request. I would like to approve this contract in your absence. Legal and Regulatory have already approved. We have not approached Duke with a 10 yr term yet. Mark, Here is the Sun Devil Expansion Open Season Document. Please call me if you have any questions. Eric just happened to mention this meeting to me. Hey guys, Since I am out of the office tomorrow, here is the beginning of the bullets. I need to you add your weekly bullets to this list. Please file save the final version on the shared drive under my folder. All of the previous weeks bullets are in the folder by date order. 8 with the Market Services Goup, I would like to have our map updated so that we can hand it out at the meeting. Let's visit about this sometime today or tomorrw. I just wanted to follow up with you that everyone in Eric's group plus Steve Dowd have a place to land when we move. I have not seen the area that you guys are supposed to move and I just want to make sure that no one falls through the crack. Are you satisfied that you have spaces for all? Hi Pam and Donna, I am not certain that Susan has been made aware of where and which spaces have been allocated to her Eric Gadd's group with respect to the move. Susan will also coordinate Steve Dowd with the rest of Eric's group in the move so we need to keep a space for him. Please let me know when you have accounted for everyone in Eric's group plus Steve Dowd for the move and have the location assignment. The goal for all is that everyone will have a chair when the music stops. Sue, Have you talked to your mom since last week? May I have her phone number and email address again? It is very standard, just like the Agave agreement. Please let me know if you have any comments. Please review the attached agreement for the Big Sandy Interconnect. It has a few blanks that have to be filled in for certain dates that we or Caithness don't know just at this time with respect to receiving regulatory approval, in-service date, etc. Caithness wants this agreement for their prospective equity partners to review for content. Teb, Lee and Ron, this agreement has not changed since you have last seen it, but I just wanted you to give it one more look. I would like to email to Kirk Caithness tomorrow afternoon. Dear Jorge, Per our conversation on this past Monday, here is the letter we talked about. We have an original that will be placed in the mail today. Please feel free to give me a call if you have any questions. We look forward to hearing from you soon. Jorge, My apologizes, a slight typo in the Trans Pecos name in last paragraph. Kinder Morgan has agreed with the sending of this letter. Pemex has been aware of the contents of this letter since Monday, September 17. We will keep you posted of our detailed discussions with Pemex as they proceed. Attached, please find the Delivery Point Construction and Operations Agreement. Please feel free to call me if you would like to walk through it. I would be available for you tomorrow to do this if you would like. Dear Ms. Monica Vespoli, It is with great regret that we will have to cancel our Italian holiday and will not be able to stay in your hotel on 30 September - 04 October for 4 nights. Please confirm receipt of this message by reply email kimberly. It is our sincere hope that we will be able to reschedule our holiday to Positano in the near future. I would like you to review the language I have inserted and see if you would like to add to it before I send it to Steve to review. I also want a few other people to see it before I send to Pemex. Larry, Please take a look at this spreadsheet. I welcome and encourage any and all comments you may have on this. Please feel free to make changes my wording as well as the spreadsheet itself.