They also have private parking at the cheap price of Euro 18 per day and only a thousand uphill each way steps to it. I do not know if they have two standard room and two superior rooms or just one of each type available. Please let me know what your preference is. If both our preferences are for the same type room and they only have one of each, shall we draw straws or have a pizza eating contest? Also, there was one other hotel in Positano that I looked into before finding Hotel Marincanto for our Sept. I may look them up tonight and fax them tomorrow just to compare. We also have a fax from Hotel Firenze in Rome that we are confirmed for June 7 8! If you have no bullets to report, please reply to me that you have none. The 131 is 100 of the cost of the project. Lorraine will be attending for our group. Will you be able to attend and give us your advise? Earl, as I understand it, you have a copy also. Please confirm that you have what you need. I will send my copy to Mansoor unless otherwise directed. Also, I have received an invoice from Agave for 245,904. I believe Mark McConnell faxed you a copy a few weeks ago. I need you both to approve the invoice so I can pay. Do either of you have any comments regarding this invoice? Rich is retiring after 35 years of service. Tiny, I just received a message that Rich is going to retire at the end of the month. I understand that there is a surprise lunch for him in Houston on March 29. Let us know, we'd like to meet with you if you are going to be in town. Did you receive the 50 check I sent you for Rich's gift? When I was reconciling my checking account a couple of weeks ago, I noticed it had not cleared yet. I just want to make sure it did not get lost in the mail. Dear Gary and Fran, Attached, please find a resignation letter from both me and Lorraine Lindberg. If you would like a signed hard copy, just let me know, I would be happy to provide it to you. Lorraine has also indicated that she would provide you a signed hard copy, too. At your convience, I would like to visit with each of you. Amy, Here is the Open Season Document on our Sun Devil Expansion. Please call me if you have any questions. I would love to visit with you and share with you some of the things we have been working on to ensure a smooth transition. Tuesday is possible, I would need to move another appointment. Here is a start to the Bullets. Thank you for handling this for the team today! Steve, While I am checking on this items we discussed, here is a draft copy of both proposals. Please note that I have given them 60 days to respond. That may be too long for the Red Rock proposal. Let me know if you would like one or both timeframes changed. I'll visit with you by voice mail as I get an answer from Dennis Tu. Dave, May I ask you to take a look at this spreadsheet, please? Steve and I are hoping to connect up with Danny tomorrow afternoon and discuss both our fuel strategy and our Index to Index Deal strategy. I have put together some numbers on the I to I deals, but I would like to discuss them with you to make sure I am not missing anything. Although Larry Pavlou is on vacation tomorrow, he will be conferenced into our meeting. You are also welcome to join our meeting if you are available. It is that time of year Please complete your list of accomplishments by the end of November. Also, please complete your 2002 Objectives by December 14. Your objectives will need to outline your specific marketing plan for each customer, project and idea you may have for adding/increasing value to Transwestern in 2002. As discussed earlier, we will get together in mid-December to review account loads to see if we need to do any shifting. Your 2002 Objectives will be helpful in determining whether your load is heavy, light or just right. I will be happy to visit with each of you individually if you have any questions or would like to discuss these items. I will have my cell phone if anyone needs me. and Sue had a conversation regarding help in the risk mgmt area. I saw Dave in the hallway earlier and he indicated that he wanted to rally with you and me to discuss. I hope to get him to send in a request this week. Also, James has been running numbers today, so I should have a term sheet for you tomorrow. The Agave Christmas Party is on Tuesday, December 11. Is it possible to take a company plane out with reps from mgmt, mktg, gas logistics and operations? We are also running a few more scenarios for TransPecos. Stephanie, Here is the Sun Devil Expansion Package. Please review and forward on to those in your group who may have an interest. We would be happy to discuss this expansion opportunity with you at your convenience. Take a look and I'll give you a call late this afternoon to discuss. I would like to attend the Legal Essentials for Managers training on August 22.