Yes, we are already putting a list together and inviting customers. We are primarily concentrating on the Houston and Dallas customers. Let us know if you have an invite, we do not have all the tickets spoken for at this time. Michelle has organized dinner for us at Farrago corner of West Gray and Brazos after the show. They are setting up a large table in the back of the restaurant for us. Tracey, I received a phone call yesterday from Mika Aswell spelling? Her county office has received a check from Transwestern and she does not know how to apply it. Can you please track this down and tell me or Mika how to apply this money. I've got a couple of follow-up calls into her, but she has not gotten back to me yet. I hope to have a response from her before we meet with Mike Stage on Tuesday. I have not seen the invoice for the work that you guys did on the new interconnect. I'm concerned I may not be getting all my mail. Jo, I wanted to follow up with you on the O M charges and transportation capacity from Halley to Gray. Do you have some telephone time available soon? Sorry, my earlier email message to you failed and returned to me. Steve, I just wanted to let you know that I have been playing telephone tag with a couple of the Questar folks. For the most part, they were out of the office several days during the last two weeks of course I was out of pocket a couple days, too. I've left another message with Gary Schmitt, who apparently is out of town yesterday and today, but I did hear from Mary Kay Olson, who was also in our office when Gary came in several weeks ago. Mary Kay is tracking down the status of the Western Leg information that Kevin requested. I also let her know that we are interested in the Eastern Leg as well. She will begin pulling that information together, too. I expect to hear from her either later today or tomorrow with a status and timing of the data. She will also connect up with Gary when she sees him. I will keep you posted as I hear more information. Also, Jodi Starley who is also in the Questar Marketing department , is looking for me to begin the Interconnect Agreement for the San Juan Hub connect with Southern Trails. Do you have a problem if I begin the paperwork, however, I have several other Interconnect Agreements that are higher priority at this time and it may take a while to get to this one? I recognize that this is a delicate balance. Also, at this time let's discuss more of the details of how we want to operate our own meeting starting next Tuesday. Tiny, I wanted you to know that I am putting a "check in the mail" to you and made out to you in the amount of 50 to be used toward the gift for Rich. If you have Rich's home address, I would love to send him a note. I did talk with Fran about the status of service awards, and of course, they were suspended in December. Fran said that they are having discussions about what to do in the future. It may be a while before this program gets reinstated if at all. Per your request, here is some basic information on Trans Pecos. Please let us know if you need additional information or prefer it in a different format. If you have time later today, we could get together and discuss. Kirk, Here is the open season document on our Sun Devil Expansion Project. I'm happy to join up with you in progress. Hi Dot, Well, we've been talking about Italy again. We are looking at leaving late May, like Friday, May 24 so we can scoop in Memorial Day and returning to Houston on Sunday, June 9. Continental has them posted on their website at 1,100- 1,200. I will also check with Alliance Travel Agency formerly Travel Agency in the Park to see what they may be able to do for us. I am looking for the person who paid for my wine last Friday evening. Lorraine says it was not her, so I'm suspecting that it was you. Needless to say, I left without paying and what is worse, I didn't even think of it until I got home that night after dinner with John. Where you the kind and unknowing one that floated my loan? Also, I've been thinking about Paris and London. Would a week night or weekend night be better for you/Lisa and John/I to get together for a brain, map and book transfer session. If you have a date that works for you guys over the next few weeks, throw it out and we'll get something on the calendar. I checked with our Travel Agency and they cannot secure cheaper tickets than what we are seeing on the internet.