We have a good group and we will do well in the new market. However, this will take an extra effort from each of us. If you have questions about any of the expectations, ask. I am going to need you to spend some time straightening this out. Enpower is out of balance and the books are as well. Risk management/Settlements wants this balanced, as we cannot tie out with our customers. We will probably need to restore Enpower to precut status, then initiate the proper deal entry to handle the cuts that came in. You mention inadvertancy in your Notes, but I dont know the particulars of this problem. I'm sure you are aware that every cut needs to be reflected in Enpower. If you were in balance when you arrived for your shift, then you should be in balance when you leave. The Real Time position manager is used to check whether this happened or not. 05 pm and we will be having drinks at Cabo around 5 pm. Let me know by this Friday, June 6th, whether you will attend. I intended to cover for him, but I am now trading the dailies for Frontera. I know that you are working alot of days before then, but I would appreciate your help. This initial guide should get you started, however, this is not a comprehensive handout that contemplates every situation. I am asking you to read the rules and implement a trade using the Portal. As you have noticed, our counterparties have already started trading two hours out. Otherwise we will be out of balance with Ercot. However, I am missing my notebook and my tradelog. Frequently things are moved and I have a hard time finding such items as listed above. If you use my desk and you need to move my notebook, etc. then place them in my desk drawer or somewhere else that makes sense. I have you officially joining the group on Wednesday, however, your actual shift work begins on Thursday, September 13th. We look forward to having you on the team. I will be checking in and I will be available by cell phone. Should I call Frank Busot to discuss, or is this an item for discussion in the meeting on Tuesday? We have already received their invoice for June and they have again invoiced us at the sales price, rather than the minimum market price. I will be involving Clint in the reconciliation to give him some exposure to this side. The meetnig is on Tuesday and I could leave either Monday night or Tuesday morning. I could take an afternoon flight from Tampa to Houston Hobby. His company is an experienced residential load aggregator in the Northeast. They are not related to the Cinergy utility. He is interested in entering the Texas Choice arena. They claim to be capable of size in signups. I thought that this may be a good fit for NewP. Let me know what your thoughts are. We are long 65 mw's from Frontera at 5 for tomorrow. Ercot load is forecast to be as high as 46,124 for hour ending 1200 today. The actual printed from the website is less than 43,000. I know that there is South to North congestion, but is this actual load right? Is interruptible load being curtailed due to the congestion or is their rain somewhere that isnt showing on our weathermap? Any help you can give would be appreciated. I dont think that this is proprietary info or anything. I am trying to see if the forecast is worthless. Stay at Hyatt - Jeff Miller has made the arrangements already. I will be calling on Friday to check on this. Remember, I will be on vacation Friday and Monday. I was scheduled to take Tuesday off, but I will have to attend this meeting. Please do not schedule a vacation day for me on Tuesday. Will Joe Capasso be aggreeable to start in my group on August 1st? Let me know if I can help with anything on this What is the status of the personal best award recommendation for Errigo and Olinde? We have had problems locating Jerry on occasion in order to affect schedule changes. He lives in a rural area and his cell phone doesnt always work. They have refused in the past, as they were only to receive instruction from Jerry. The plant should now be aware that this communication problem can exist and will be receptive to making generation changes per our instructions.