from Doug's book to Paul's to account for imbalance losses due to the September 11th tragedy. i am still interested in being a part of a leaner trade floor at Enron, but this proposition is less likely than my leaving. We will be dogged with credit issues and lawsuits for a long time. Tom, The Frontera file has, in the first tab, their calculation for their daily costing. Ken gave me this and asked me what I think. It would probably be best if we talk some more about it, rather than sending it to Jerry Brown, etc. What do you think? My name is John Forney and I am currently an employee of Enron North America. I am a Woodlands resident and take great interest in employment opportunities withyour company. I have been involved, primarily, in electricity and gas trading. I also have gas purchase and natural gas pipeline experience. I have a proven track record of success and look forward to new challenges. I have attached my resume which details my experience and capabilities. If you have further interest in talking with me, please contact me. Thanks for meeting with me yesterday. I am impressed with your operation and the people who will be building this from the ground up. I regret that I wasnt able to stay longer and possibly catch some specs. Thanks again, John Forney Allan, I havent heard anything from Anadarko, but I am talking to several other players. There is a possibility that I will be relocating to Tampa Florida or possibly back to Oregon. Thanks for passing my info along and inquiring as to my situation. We still need to make time for that beer. I get out of work very early each day, as our trading opportunities are severely limited. I would like to pass on a couple of resumes from two of my friends that were released at Enron. They are a Woodlands couple and would like to avoid that crappy drive to Houston. I know that Anadarko is probably being swamped with resumes, but I didnt know if your department had specific needs that may match what Jim has to offer. This guy is extremely detail oriented and capable. Just kidding Tell me what is happening with you. I still dont miss Koch, but I miss working 8 - 9 hour days! I think that Mike Eiben has been long gone from Enron. I had been looking for him before the layoffs, but hadnt been able to find him in the voice directory, etc. Call or e-mail and I will meet at Buffalo Wild Wings or somewhere else. We dont have to talk about work no, lets not talk about work! I need to talk to you about negotiating a new deal unfortunately it looks as if I may be leaving the state, either to Florida or back to Oregon. The offers are starting to come in, but I dont want to leave anything on the table. Need your advice, so let's have that beer! I spoke with Victoria Bender and Julie Gildea yesterday. Julie expects to send me some info today. I will be out of the office after lunch today, so it would be best if she sends e-mail to my home address. He took a job with Vitol, in the oil trading area. We would like to sell these mw's at a reasonable price that is left to your judgement. If prices look to be potentially negative, of course, sell the mw's. Give me a call if you have questions, preferrably before 10 pm. If you fill this schedule, reduce the purchase that is in the Portal and replace with the new source. They have told us to run the plant, without question. I have launched three e-mails requesting clarification to Mark Patterson, starting weeks ago on this issue. This confusion on our part will prove costly to Frontera as they will be paid the imbalance, instead of the heat rate calc. We cannot sell in the offpeak hours for greater than 5. Mark also said that we will get paid for the capacity. It is my opinion that it is no accident that Ercot was vague on this issue. They want to penalize us if we dont run, and if we do , we will lose money. We then file to get a break-even rebate. They are acquiring ancillary reserves for free and not even paying for the energy component. I realize that these issues will be discussed in the Tuesday meeting and I will provide examples, as requested by Ercot. I need some support from the protocols and I need some suggestions. I do not want to allow these guys to game us anymore. I need a ruling on whether they can force us to lose money.