I dont know if Tim has talked with you, but I am considering returning to Portland. I am talking with Wolfe and Tim, but I would like to keep things low key. I know this all seems pretty weird, but my situation has changed so drastically that I have some major, immediate decisions to make. Basically, the East Desk wants me to build a team in Real Time, similar to how we did it in Portland. Unfortunately, that was not the job I agreed to take always get it in writing - I never could. Had I known that it was a similar position to what I had, I never would have left. Anyway, Kim Melodick wants me to consider opportunities within Enron Houston and I have agreed to give her a week to see if a fit exists. She is easy to work with and is being very helpful. However, I have expressed to Kevin and Kim that my first preference would be to return to Portland. I have given this some thought and believe that taking the Real Time position would not be a good move for me, given the atmosphere here. I would like to have a new perspective on this if you have time to converse. I would appreciate any feedback that you can give me. I think you are right about Ercot being difficult to set up, but it just reemphasizes the need for you they need an organizer and this situation fits your strengths. After a couple of months, a coworker took me in and gave me some pointers on hedging, which is especially important in my region. The month of May was very profitable, finally, and things were coming together until Please keep this confidential Presto called me in to tell me that I was moving to Ercot as Manager of the Real Time group, his decision being final, no negotiations. I had previously turned down several attempts to bring me back to Texas in this capacity and I expressed that I was less than happy with his decision. I think that Ercot will be busy and a worthwhile region to be involved with, given that we have retail load to service, etc. However, thats not the job that I agreed to move 3000 miles for. I suspect other changes would ensue, once I established this region. It looks like I will be returning to Portland. We bought a new house here and are very happy with everything, except my job which is a huge thing. I dont mind doing anything as long as it's productive. Anyway, I was pissed in the beginning, but I had to take time to digest this, analyze the opportunity and make an informed unemotional decision. I am too deep in the out of the money options to cut and run, so it now boils down to where do I want to live. There is interest outside of the company in me, but I am under contract. I miss Portland and I think about it all the time. Well, let me know if you have any thoughts on the above. Once again, I dont wish to have this get out to anyone on the West desk, just yet. I heard that you did really well on your home sale. Maybe I can buy back my house and my boat. I am actually more concerned about buying another boat than I am a house. Anyway, keep kicking butt and keep those Texans in line! I am due the closing costs, etc. due to my move from Portland. Also, Johnny Palmer was very pleasant to speak with. I appreciate the effort that you have made in trying to generate interest in me from the inside. Johnny, however, was not optimistic that he had anything available for a Director level position. If nothing opens up here by Wednesday, I need to get out to the West and start training so that I can make some money for the company. I am still building, staffing, trading for the Ercot region, but I am eager to go quickly if no one wants me in Houston. Go under Texas City and you can get some good webcam action, wind speed and direction. Also, you can call one of the bait camps and get directions. Also applicable would be the per mw line losses and the wheeling fee of. Please account for all such charges in the P L report. All of the deals listed have been moved to Teco Services for this day only. We entered a buy which is an estimate of the cost of gen and the appropriate sales. We need to talk about how this gets reconciled. I would like to know the detail of this transaction. I know that not everything has been discussed with this account, so I would like to discuss it. I am positive that I need to change all deals for over the weekend. We had some length for this customer that was sold hourly. I assume that everything from now on will be entered under Teco Services for this account. I will let you know when the weekend is complete. I dont know how the reconciliation of this Services book takes place. I am working on some procedures and need some input. I need to also discuss with you the duties of all the night guys. As I understand it, they all pitch in to do confirms and they unofficially cross-train in other regions. What about reconciliation reports - what is required? What other reports need to be tied out - the Sched Activity report vs.