We had submitted a Resource Plan this indicates to Ercot what we plan to generate with zero mw's and zero premium because the unit was offline. Ercot called yesterday and asked if we could start the unit if they needed us to. We called Jerry Watson with Frontera and he relayed that this was possible. They later upped this to 185 mw's for the remainder of the day, through 2400. I called Mark Patterson, who is our Ercot Rep. I also wanted to know how this would settle. Since we indicated verbally that we could run the plant, that changed our status from unavailable to available. We would receive only the mcp for our power because we had no premium indicated. The mcp was low all day mid teens yesterday. We immediately revised our Resource Plan and indicated 185 mw's available with a 50 premium. This invoked the Protocol provisions requiring them to pay us the 18 heat rate times gas costs. Please review this to understand why this applies. We think that in revising our Resource Plan "on the fly" we were able to turn a bad situation into a profitable day for Frontera. If Frontera is offline and Ercot calls to ask about the availability. These premiums will be added to the mcp and will be used to determine our place in the merit order. There is length for the offpeak scheduled in the North and South. Ercot Asset is long 50 mw from 12-23 in the North. We will monitor and sell hourly, as needed. Obviously this hasnt been the best day in my 8 year career with Enron! I have attached my resume for your review. I am interested in talking to you in more detail at your convenience. We booked you out on the Enron option for 22. Also, to fill Mirant's call for 12-22 we purchased 23 power from Aquila. We will reflect this in the Resource Plan and reflect that the unit is unavailable and offline. A likely scenario would have us declaring bankruptcy within a few days. Payroll is said to be funded until the end of the month, at least. If bankruptcy is filed, payroll should be covered. Another very real option is that the trading floor could be parcelled and sold to an outside company. There are discussion underway that deal with this possibility. We need to continue to report to work and keep a log of Real Time prices. Continue to update the Hourly Prices sheet for a record of prices. We may need these prices as support for liquidated damages. More counterparties will be defaulting and cutting schedules. We have prepared a cut log for this purpose. This is currently scheduled into the North Zone load. The sale to Ercot Imbal is under 825406. Cut the enpower sale and replace with appropiate sale counterparty. Everything should be entered under the Hourly Ercot desk. See the attachment and let me know if your company has questions. I can be reached by cell phone, 713-412-7529 to answer any questions you may have. Do you have any questions about the resume that I sent? I can supply additional info or answer questions, as necessary. Addtionally, I have some extremely capable co-workers that would be interested in talking with your firm. Our Ercot team has been profitable and is extremely motivated. Let me know if we have something in common. Thanks for the inquiry. I have attached my resume and if you could pass it on, I would appreciate it. Thanks again and I'll be talking to you soon. I would be able to meet Frank Busot and others this week or next, at their convenience. Please note that I would prefer to travel out of Bush Intercontinental Airport, as it is very close to my home. Thanks for your interest and let me know if I can provide more information to your company. I apologize for your situation, given the strong performance and effort that I have witnessed from you. You are a true professional and I know that things will work out for the better. I expect to know my own status later this week. com Please see the attached resume and I look forward to speaking with you soon even if it is over a beer.