If you think we will need more time, maybe we set up two meetings. We need to have the books transferred from Hunter Shively to Jim Simpson. Jim should not need to be set up in the system, because he was in Chicago, he should just need books added. For some reason it is not coming through risktrac. If open curveview before any other applications, the screen will be blue and all others will be set up correctly as well. According the Erms guys this is an ancient program and they are unable to fix the logic. -Please give me a list of your goals and objectives, we will plan on meeting at least once a month and going over those to determine how I can better help you meet those and we can track progress. -We now have a file in the central file in excel entitled project list central desk. If you can think of a project that will be an improvement, please add it. If you add a project, put an expected completion date and then put the date it was completed. She is a new trader on the central desk. She will be running the Aruba and central transport books. Please shout with any questions or additional information that you may need. You don't want me to come work for you too? Hope things are going well in San Antonio. We need to get back to Vegas so I can gamble away what is left of my retirement. We are both managers in risk management at Enron. Kam had mentioned that you are in the process of recruiting for several clients in the energy industry. I have roughly 4 years experience in the industry with 2. Prior to employment with Enron, I worked for a big six accounting firm and in the healthcare industry for the University of Texas. I am interested in staying in the energy field. If you think one of your clients might be interested, I would like to send my resume on to you. If they or you are not interested, I apologize for taking up your time today. Thanks and I hope to hear from you soon. Everyone should have access to this and if you do not know how to load these files, let me know. We have all been guilty of forgetting this, including myself. We owe a big thank you to Kulvinder who has saved us a couple of nights in the last week. Please let me know how you will be paying and I will ship as soon as I receive payment. Paypal payment will insure the quickest shipping. All you would do would be to go to the fin tab and hard code balance of month price for each of the curve locations yellow column. We will continue to true up to gas daily each day. You may want to also reset the next day's curve as well, since this is a hardcode, you simply type over the previous day's load. The phys tab pulls from the fin tab and adds the phys prem to it. We can increase the complexity of this file by adding formulas or tabs if you like. I figure you will want to keep your model and I can pull info from there as well. I simply wanted to start out at a baseline and build it to best fit your needs. Please let me know what you would like to see changed and we will do it. If you feel like drowning your sorrows at the end of the world in some free keg beer, sodas and hard liquor - come down to Clear Lake and celebrate the fact that today may be the last paycheck you receive from Enron. Playstation, pool, and darts with pictures of great Enron leaders will be available for your enjoyment. You can also try chase the 3 year old with the dirty diaper. We will order Pizza or something like that if you haven't eaten. Turn left under the freeway - heading east You will travel roughly four miles through 3 lights and two stop signs turn left on Noble Pine across from Children's World When that street dead end's take a right on Towering Oak Take first left onto Cherry Oak That dead end's at Sterling Wood Way - take a left.