Please call me at your convenience to talk about them. Good Morning sir, I am wearing my sweatshirt and my new boots to work, so my feet are warm and I feel like I have you wrapped around me. My roses are starting to really open up now, they are so beautiful. I had fun at the party last night, danced my fool head off. Good natured fun dancing with the buds from work. One guy tried to dip me and failed miserably, I fell on my right hip, but not before I nearly knocked myself unconcious on part of the wall. I ended up sitting there for a minute with a packet of frozen soybeans on my noggin. On the way home from the party I almost just showed up at your house, but figured you needed a break from me for some rest. You have a good day, hope you are rested and feeling good. I am just thinking I will leave around 1 pm here to go home for a bit. I don't have to be at this party till 7 ish, so if you wanna come hang out or just take a nap, you are welcome to do that. They think it is a proxy server on my end and that if it is removed we should be fine. Hi Donald, I got a smattering of information that the big E will probably go after us contract folks that attempt to defect. So, I guess it's second jobs for both of us. Hi Again, Just let me know about Lord of the Rings, when I am done here I am going home to take a nap if we aren't going. If Saturday or Sunday would be a better lazy day than Christmas eve, then we can do whatever. You are the only thing on my calendar after tonight, sir. Call me at work, I would love to hear your voice. You still mean as much to me now as ever. I am your family whether I am married to Dave or not. You are an example of kindness and giving, and one of the most special women on the planet as far as I am concerned. I have been kind of keeping quiet because I know how much Dave needs you right now, and I don't want to say anything that would diminish him in your eyes. Part of the reason that I waited as long as I did to do this is that I desperately wanted one last family Thanksgiving where nobody has to choose who can come or feel strange or anything. Dave has decided to stay with Bob and Sandi, and just come up to deal with the vending machines. I am glad, things are very tense and weird. He seems like he is getting angry, and I don't like that. He told me he wants me to keep the truck instead of the car because everytime he looks at the truck he feels like it is a betrayal. I got him this truck to help him with his business. Anyway, it will all work out and we will all get thru this. I have a new cell phone number, please feel free to call me, and I will probably call you tonight just to touch base and let you know I love you. 503/810-1105 Love, C I am so glad you got internet service at home! Have a wonderful time in Florida, I liked it bunches when I went. Things are strange here, Dave is still very upset but is starting to trend toward anger now. He wants me to take the truck because he sees it as a betrayal that I got it for him a couple of months ago. He is also not wanting to be at home, which is fine with me. It is so tense and weird right now that I am glad to have the house to myself. I have been keeping busy with friends, they have been so good to me during this. I went to a Seattle Seahawks game yesterday at the University Stadium, and thought about those trips up there to sit with you all during Scotty's surgeries. Seattle was nice, but it was a long day and horrbile horrible rain. Our seats were in the upper stadium away from the wind so we were dry. I have a movie Tomorrow and a party Wednesday. Tonight is just being home catching up on my laundry and my sleep. Please see the attached spreadsheet, I have added leg 2 to both annuities in red. I looked at the spreadsheet that Diana forwarded me, and probably need for you and I to sit down and just walk me thru it. I am amazed at those bear photos. The entire office what's left anyway was around my desk looking at that. I can't imagine how frightening that must have been for Monty and Jackie and the whole family. Dave is staying at Bob and Sandi's for the weekend, I asked him to go or let me know if he wanted to stay and I would go somewhere. I need some space and he is still so upset that my presence is not helping. It would be easier on him if I just moved out now. I can't because he can't afford to live in the house without me, and he can't leave because you can't get an apartment in this town without a job. We will be putting the house on the market no later than the first week of January. I love you, thank you for your love and support for both of us during this very difficult time. I am going into a meeting at nine for I am not sure how long, so just leave a message if you have a problem or a question. You are in my heart today, how goes the fight?