We are thinking Koji's on 6th and broadway around 7 ish. I tried to call, but got the 'all circuits are busy' thing a few times. I will see you tonight at the movies with a full report! Let's meet tomorrow morning about 9 am to let me show you all of the tools that scheduling uses. Due to our current situation, I have 3 full time very talented schedulers with very little to do. They have a wide range of experience and abilities, and would be available to assist you in whatever tasks may need handling. Please let me know if you have temporary room for any one or all 3 of these folks, I would like them to have something to do while we are waiting for trading to resume. Hi, I am sitting here at my desk talking contracts and energy, and in my head I am thinking about kisses, caresses, and waking up with you. You make me feel so special, and beautiful, and cherished. I would really like to play hooky all during your shutdown and just be with you. I want to have a completely lazy day, just vegging, reading, snacking, keeping my feet warm, petting cats, watching movies, and snuggling by my fireplace. Bye my special one, Kitten Hi, Yesterday Richter asked me to get with John Oh and bring him up to speed on everything that we use. Although I think this is a good idea, I think that this direction should more appropriately come from you. Please let me know what you would like me to do, if it would be beneficial to have me explain our stuff to both John and Victor, I will be happy to do so. Thanks, C I am interested in being part of this effort if there is still room Cara Semperger West Power Scheduling Supervisor Enron North America 503/464-3814 Hi Frank, Thanks for taking care of the password changes for our real time group. Things are still very up in the air here. We hear new developments nearly on a daily basis, and so much remains unknown. Hi Mom, Things are a little better here for me, Friday was a horrible day, we had layoffs of about 30 of our office. Lots of crying and sadness on the floor. The weekend was strange, Dave came back from Eugene un announced which was not what we agreed to, and I got the feeling that he was thinking he was going to 'catch' me doing something or having someone over. He is still really struggling with the idea that I just can't love him like a wife anymore, and that is not enough to keep two people together. I wish that I could make this easier on him, and I almost think that if I had been unfaithful it would be easier for him to accept. I am just trying to hold on until he gets some kind of income so that we can sell the house and pay our debt. I do not have any desire for him to be forced to live with his parents, I wouldn't wish that on anyone. School sounds wonderful, I am so glad you are happy dealing with your little ones. I propose that while work is so slow we have some informal tutorials from the folks who know stuff. I still can't believe that this has all happened. Dave is doing better, he is calmer now and less upset. I am glad to see that, I felt really bad for how upset he was. He is going to go stay with his folks for a few days, they had their insurance company call and tell them that if they didn't clean up the outside of the house that they would drop them from insurance. They had a gardener come out, but Dave is going to take the pressure washer down and wash the house. I personally think they need to move to a retirement apartment with some living assistance. They do not seem to have the ability to take care of anything anymore. Work is winding down, folks are bored and working on resumes and stuff. Hi, I am sitting here at my desk talking contracts and energy, and in my head I am thinking about kisses, caresses, and waking up with you. You make me feel so special, and beautiful, and cherished. I would really like to play hooky all during your shutdown and just be with you. I want to have a completely lazy day, just vegging, reading, snacking, keeping my feet warm, petting cats, watching movies, and snuggling by my fireplace. Her mailbox must be full or something, we are getting her mail kicked back Can we tidy up her mail a bit, she returns on Tuesday I called 1-800-297-3276 and navigated thru the automated menu. Someone came on line and helped me, the confirmed my point balance and and asked me what I wanted to get. I told them and they did it on the spot. They also referred me to this website www. com/rewards I am not suggesting a course of action, but rather relaying my experience. This is the smallest sheet in the history of the world I had to over-return losses, please call if this poses a problem. Hi Sweetie, I am doing fine, things are still wierd, but Dave has gone to stay with his parents and only comes to town to deal with his vending machines. I went to the law store and got all the documents, but I find them very intimidating.