Today I am tying out our February positions with the traders so that they can pre-pay their trades for scheduling Feb 1. Just spreadsheet and number crunching stuff. You are so important to me, I can't hardly articulate how much you mean to me. I love you and am so proud and happy to be yours. I can't wait till we share a home and I am 'out' to my family. I love waking up in your arms and feeling your kisses first thing in the morning. The sleep thing will work itself out, I am not worried about it. I am looking forward to forever with you. I love you and will see you this after noon. Don't work my man too hard, but I will rub your feet when you get home if you do! I get into regular Enpower but when I try to get into preschedule workspace I get an errr Hi Baby, The movie sounds good, nice and creepy! I am going to leave here around noon again such a slave and go home and work on packing. I can meet you at work or we can leave from the house when you get there. I love you, I can't tell you how my heart leapt for joy when I saw your face again. I just wanted to hold on to you forever. See you tonight, hope you get it all built today. I am leaving in a few minutes for Bandon, and will drive sooooo carefully that it will become the stuff of legend. I miss you already, it's going to be a long lonely weekend without you! Five seconds go by and she lets out a squeaker and says, "Field goal, I lead 17 to 14. " Now the pressure's on and the old man refuses to get beat by his wife so he strains real hard but to no avail. Realizing a defeat is totally unacceptable, he gives it everything he has, but instead of farting, he poops the bed. The wife looks at him and says, "What the hell was that? " And the old man replied, "Half-time, Switch sides. " Good Morning Honey, I wish that I could have pulled it together enough to get up with you and take care of you this morning, I really missed that. Thank you for waking me up and giving me kisses and love. On the way to work I was thinking about us planning for our home. I hated seeing all of your stuff packed away today, I like snuggling with your pillows when you have gone to work. Hopefully I will be all done with my bullshit in time to meet you at the grotto before going to Stanfords, but if not I will meet you there at 6. If I make it to the grotto by 5, will that be enough time for you to pick them up as well? I am calling the doctor when his office opens to complain about the medication. I hope he gives me some more meds, but he might tell me just to hang in there until the new lower level is stabilized. Last night was wonderful, each time we are together I find something new to enjoy. I love being with you, holding you and feeling all of your touches and caresses. You make me so happy, and I want to make you happy. I love that little grin on your face and the tenderness in your eyes. You are a wonderful man and I am the luckiest woman in the world to have you in my life. I have been hearing your name more lately, and just wanted to touch base and tell you how much I miss you! I have been buying that good Prosperity wine at Trader Joe's and always remember the party at your house. Do you think that you will be ever coming here to visit? I am trying to sell my wedding ring, and am thinking instead that I will just get another stone to match the center stone and make earrings. If you do come to stay, please stay with me. I am signing papers on my new condo this afteroon It is wonderful. 3 Bedrooms, backs right up to a greenbelt with a wetland. You might want to check it Are you still planning to come up and sign papers tomorrow? I need to know because I had to go back to work early. Please call my cell phone when you get logged off so we can get in sync with plans. 503/810-1105 Good Morning, Here is the spreadsheet that you sent out with the access for the West Power Scheduling group. The users are now only me, Diane Cutsforth, and Donald Robinson. I dont' know if you are aware, but we are having problems with accessing both PreSchedule Workspace and Path Confirmation. Donald Robinson and Diane Cutsforth have more details than I do, as I have been out on medical leave for a month.