Can you look and see if they are booked in a strange way that makes them fall into the wrong segregation category? This will go live in April, and will be totally different than any tagging done before. You will need time to get familiar with the new format and practice, and I will be happy to help guide you when you are ready. All 3 of us are here to help, and will be available to you until you are comfortable. I need new logins created for the following people Serena Bishop serena. Lisa Gang Susie Wilson Stacy Runswick Within a couple of weeks, most of the Enron folks will no longer be active, and I will have no access to the system. Mike Purcell will be handling the account and can be reached at mike. Please call me within the hour if there is additional information that you need to set up Serena and Mike's logins by the end of today. I have been told today that these folks will have to do all of our scheduling as of Monday, they are being trained today but will have to have working logins patterned after Donald Robinson by the end of business today. I do not know what she has access to, she was the California scheduler Mike Purcell already has access to some things, but please check his access If this cannot be done, please call Murray O'Neil asap. Good Afternoon, Lots of difficulty getting good information today, please call asap if there is a problem. I just want to tell you how much I respect and admire how you have handled this situation. It is not lost on many of us that we owe not only our bonuses but also our jobs to you personally. I am glad to be part of the new crew, and wanted you to know that I am grateful for all of your efforts on my behalf over the years. It is not often that an assistant is given the opportunities to advance that I was given. These are the open positions for the Month of February. This is the best way to see our obligations. Good Afternoon Sweeite, I have my new driver's license and my divorce papers to change my name over to just plain Cara Freeland. also- Have you heard if parking or Tri-met will be subsidized at all in the New World Order? Hi Honey, I hope you are having a good day, I sure enjoyed playing a bit this morning. Although I had a little bout of blue bush I just love having you around all the time. I don't want turkey for dinner, and since it's payday, I wanna take us out to dinner. I love you very much and can't wait to see you tonight to show you the new license! Thanks for your addy, it was so good to hear your little voice yesterday! Hopefully the visit to the Dr won't be that bad, do you want me to come hold your hand? That would be pushing the envelope on intimacy, eh? I saw a wrapper in the trash this morning and was sad to see it there. You need to fix that or those as it were. The movie sounds good, but we will see how tired you are when you get home. I wouldn't mind laying around like a turd this evening either. I love you, and am so glad that I make you happy. I want us to be happy together for many years to come. I still feel like the luckiest woman in the world, to have such a caring and loving man in my life so suddenly. See you tonight, C I miss you and am wonderin how you are faring in the working world. I have been checking in on the Riley photo site, she just gets more beautiful every day. Dave and I have signed papers and are final, now I am just waiting for the house to sell. I have already found another place to live, and have an offer on it based on the sale of my house. I love you and hope to hear from you soon. Can you tell me if we are having subsidized parking and bus passes?  Should we go ahead and separate our names on the credit cards? Also, If you want to transfer Pahio to our joint account that is fine, I would like to have Pahio. When you come up, if you want to come to work here and get the car and give me the truck keys, we can do that. These are the positions that I see for February, please take a look at them and let me know if you agree or not. Any of our schedulers can look at this and help you. I was able to login to the main platform of Enpower under csemper, but not able to run psw or deal entry. However, I was able to login as drobins and run things. Please do what you can to get my login fixed today if possible. I will use Donald's login as a workaround.  I feel the same way that you do, I feel like you are a gift that the universe has given to me.