If you will fax it to me, but call me first so I can wait by the fax for it, I would be grateful. Good Morning, Only one open contract for December left to find a sink for! I have re-started Enpower since the e-mail came out saying that the new version has been put into production. I ran the attatched sheet, and the last group of deals that I was given had old deals blended with new deals. I tried to do that and no problem, but I am using the app locally, and Donald for some reason still has to go thru the windows 2000 terminal server. I really want him to be able to use the app locally like it was designed to be used. Occurred in WebMail around line 42 in Script File vdb01 d ets web15 fax-send. An incorrect password was used when trying to read from a file. Be sure to include the contents of this page in your message to the administrator. I got a warm glow and a great laugh all rolled into one. I am keeping that one in my palm pilot so I can read it anywhere I want. I woke up thinking about you, took my bubble bath and looked at my pink toenails thinking about you, put on my lotion thinking about you, drove to work singing along with the radio to Steely Dan thinking about you, and am just about useless at my desk thinking about you. I really enjoyed just vegging last night. Hi There, I love you, I hope you have a good day. Work is shaping up to be a real snooze-fest. There are only 9 of us on the entire trading floor right now. Normally there used to be about 65-70 of us! Waking up with you is so nice, I am looking forward to many years of doing just that. I think we are going to settle in just fine together. I love you and enjoy being with you so much. You are the man I have waited all these years for. I will see you this evening, a little dinner, a little laundry action, maybe a little dominoes and sheet-she-me? Running a month long sheet from scratch is a huge problem for us, it forces us to do massive amounts of work over and over again. I need you to find out why this is happening, and let me know when it is fixed. Stacy just ran her build route for December and got data with no counterparty names, I just ran my build route for December and got new data blended with old data. None of us can get on the main site, and we are using their alternate site. I had some difficulty making tags, but have finished. The problem I was having today is identical to my problem a few weeks ago where I could make the tag, but then everything would hang when I hit the 'confirm' button. I got your res and will keep it in case I hear of anything. Take mine, and put it in your just in case folder. I plan to send them in a batch to you through interoffice mail on Feb 8th. Everything is wonderful just wonderful there is a suprise on the way for you today from me. Craig is so nice, we had a really good weekend. Thanks for inviting me to your drunken bash! Hey, I will be in Spokane over the weekend and wanna at least say hi and have a beer with y'all. I want to see Erin and Dana too if I can. I logged off and onto the system several times today to see if that would help. I am going to be in Spokane from Wednesday Night thru Sunday morning, I would really like to get together for coffee or something. Please give me a call when you are ready to go. I was able to create a tag, but when I confirmed, nothing happened. so I hit confirm a few more times, and got 5 copies of the same e tag About another hour or so and I am outta here. C I turned my computer completely off and back on to see if my connection would improve, It didn't. My plain old data only no macro excel sheet still takes 30 seconds to save. Outlook also seems slow, but I never liked it anyway. I went to see Dr. Soot today, she told me my pain is from the 2 big knots where they started and ended the incisions, and it will only hurt for. She also said I can do whatever I want, including the gym! She said lifting etc is fine as long as I listen to my pain and lift things slowly. No jerky or quick lifting that could hurt me. I can't wait to have some albacore sashimi and a little Craig on the sheetsheemi!