Hi Geoff Give me a call when you get a chance. I'v beend trying to call you today but the number just keeps on ringing. Privileged and Confidential. Attached is a draft letter for your consideration. Sending this letter is not critical to the sucess of our position but would bolster it somewhat.  Trading contracts in the power industry are very weak. Typical problems include, trading under multiple masters, no liquidated damages for non-delivery, no events of default or calculation of termination damages, broad performance outs. Several of our major trading partners operate through an agent acting on behalf of several operating companies. This creates uncertainty as to which entity is liable for which trades. Difficult authorization issues associated municipalities. Complexity of transactions - Power transactions can be very complex as a result, in part, of difficult delivery mechanics and volatile pricing. Timing of transactions - Power transactions typically must be completed on a very tight time schedule. Lawyer Training - Difficult, time consuming process to train lawyers on how to document transactions involving power. Process for approval of transactions - Uncertain procedures for making sure everybody understands risks associated with transactions. One-off Power Form - creation of contract to be used for individual transactions that are not part of a master. Conflicts in schedules led him to leave me a vm saying he will call me when he gaets back in the office next week. I'll be out of the office for the rest of the week so when you find an answer, just let Bonnie 37422 White know. If you need to reach me either leave me a vm and I'll return the call I would love nothing more than to be execused from the painful standardized contract meetings I will be attending or else call me on the cell phone. He is currently working on the declaratory judgement petition and is aware of the possible timeframe. Schedule C , the service schedule for firm transactions, was the primary topic and the following is a summary of where the group is headed. After much discussion, we proposed that the group consider the definition of firm energy that Tim, Christian and others have been considering. Firm Power is power that is sold and scheduled in accordance with applicable reserve requirements for which the only excuse for the failure to deliver or recieve are those set forth in Schedule 3. Seller shall take steps necessary for the power to be considered Firm Power under this definition. As a further note, the group agreed to do away with all references to C1 and C2 and have just one Schedule. References to Non-firm supply as being excluded from Firm Power was excluded because the group thought it was redundent - no control area would accept a non-firm supply as being firm. Power rather than energy is being used only bacause that is the decision that has already been made. This defintion will be further discussed at the next meeting on Aug 20th in Denver. I look forward to hearing your thoughts. Hi I really enjoyed playing yesterday -thanks. afternoon or Thursday lunch or afternoon? Talk to you soon I'm available all day on the 23rd and 24th. The week before I am here all week other than the 20th Friday. Thanks eas I will be out of the office until Monday, August 16th. Sager I will be attending Firday's meeting.