New Counsel - Derek Flaman I would like to get back to Derek on his trip to Houston last week. We Canada have signed off, including commercial approval from Milnthorp and Cross, subject to satisfactory interviews in Houston. Jim Derrick was not available but have scheduled May 25 to send Derek back to Houston to meet with Jim. Yuck - The hearing just got cancelled I was on the way to the airport when notified and rescheduled for Tuesday. Right now I'm scheduled to come up on Monday instead. Thanks again for lunch. It's always great to talk things over with you. As promised, here are drafts of agreements. Hi Carol Was just wondering if you wanted to play tennis, maybe sometime next week I'm trying to get excited about something next week - work has been very busy and I need to fill in it with other things. Let me know if you want to try and play. Hi Peter Here is a draft form of officers certificate for your review. As we discussed, I wanted to get you something to look at as soon as possible. With the holidays upon us, I still have not been able to clear this through all of the necessary channels but will continue to try. Attached are additional drafts of agreements required in connection with the proposed Second Amendment to Master Netting Agreement, a draft of which I forwarded to you earlier. Please excuse the inconsistent reference to Sections - we are still trying to clean that up. At the request of Robert Eickenroht, attached is a draft of the Second Amendment to the Master Netting Agreement between New Power and the Enron Parties. In order to get this draft to you as soon as possible, I am at the same time circulating it for internal review accordingly, there may be additional comments from Enron. Please call either me or Lisa Mellencamp 713 853 7986 with any questions or comments. Here is an unproofed draft of examples. Hi Chris Hope all is well with you, Tracy and the kids. How is Addy opps, spelling is bound to be wrong ? And now for the real reason of my email - Can you send me Tracy's telephone number. I've been wanting to call her for months and say hi but the stupor got in my mind and I couldn't shake it free. Its a beautiful day here today - the first for months and I'm committing to a new well, at least a call to Tracy. Hope to see you at the legal conference. Hi guys This week doesn't look good for a lunch doubles date but how about next week. Thanks again for lunch and I will talk to you soon. 2 Trip for Shari to Portland in November while Christian is on Thanksgiving holiday. Thanks ps - I will schedule a meeting with you this week to discuss Shari/staffing in Portland office. The confirmation for them is very simple, and generally assumes an underlying master that would govern the physical delivery if the option is exercised as well as all the other general terms and conditions. By copy of this email, I would ask Leslie Hansen to send you copies of a put and call confirmation which she can get from our documentation group. Do we have any forms that I could give to the attorneys in Sao Paulo to review? Brent Mark As you are aware, I reviewed the proposed Canadian Power Master and have been speaking to Greg Johnston about various issues. Peter Keohane, I know, wants the form he and Greg prepared to be the model Canadian form for all the reasons he stated in his email to you. Do you think I should set up a meeting with you, Jeff Hodge, Peter K. Enron is the largest marketer of wholesale power in the U. This group currently has 6 lawyers one located in Portland. Responsibilities include negotiating master trading agreements and structured power transactions, interfacing with industry trade groups to develop business practices and managing risks associated with the world's most volatile commodity. Let me know if this is sufficient Great! The Met has 3 hour free parking - use the "yellow entrance" to the Allen Center located on the far side of the parking garage, next to all the open air parking lots and follow the signs for Met parking off to the right.