Lets try to get together then on the agency stuff. John Your interpretation is correct based on my understanding. You may want to call Dennis to just check in. Dennis did say that he would include Enron in any bid packages prepared. 30 in room 3321 to recommence the project we began in January to review the existing Houston-based financial, gas and power trading forms. If you did not receive or cannot locate this binder, let me know and I will forward to you another copy. The purpose of the meeting is to review how each of the Houston-based trading forms has been structured and to note where there are differences. By way of example, Enron's gas contract prohibits assignement without consent, which consent can be withheld for any reason. The financial form provides that a party can not unreasonably withhold its consent. At this meeting we would discuss what the preferred approach is and then begin the process of drafting appropriate language, which language would be approved at a seperate meeting. You will note that the analysis performed to date does not include all areas of a trading contract. Similiar steps will still need to be undertaken with other provisions such as credit terms. At the meeting, I hope to further discuss the additional areas everybody believes should be reviewed. Aron Roffwarg, a lawyer from Bracewell, will also be at the meeting to assist us in this effort. And if that doesn't tell you how I spend my time, nothing will. Now that summer is almost upon us its only 92 degrees in Houston , I hope for more. Give me a call and lets try to catch up this week. Hi Smith If a six week delay in responding doesn't merit a big I'm sorry I don't know what does. My sincere apologizes in not responding sooner. We have been looking for a power trading lawyer for about a year. Accordingly, back in April we had 3 internal lawyers move into the group. As a result of this shift, we are not currently looking for additional lawyers for power trading, but if things change I'll let you know. If you are interested, let me know and I'll call you back. Also, I know that power trading lawyers in general are in hot demand. Maybe we can talk then Again, my apologizes on the long delay. She has a new person who you will likely work with but I forget his name. Delete my rambling voice mail if you haven't heard it. We would, of course, love to come to your house I think Gail told me that you generously offered to host your own birthday party but we would also love to have you guys at our house as well wouldn't you rather relax, drink and let the kids shuffle around without having to worry about the diner preparation, and worse yet, clean up - after all it is your party - mine's next. Sager I'm only available from 2 -245 on thursday the 21st. sorry for the trouble but my daughter has a doctors appointment on thurs and I'm not in on Friday  I will be able to attend by phone subject to kid noise in the bakground however. Please leave me a voice mail at 36349 to let me know phone in details.  It would be my pleasure to have you on the call. I asked Caroline if we could do it at 300 houston time. Elizabeth Sorry for the delay Handicap - a very poor player Food - Water, Heinikin and turkey sandwich w cheese  I'm out thurs and friday this week.  Hi Melanie I received your draft answer and am still trying to verify numbers. Judge Edgar has been assigned the matter.