If this meets with your approval, please forward this message to Janette Elbertson. Attached is the final version of the Standstill Agreement that Larry Witalis and I have been working on. Hi Thanks for the feedback - you never know how things are rec'd when you standing for 90 minutes in front of a crowd of credit numbers guys, in a dark room with slides that are barely legible, taking about a contract that only a lawyer could love. Hopefully I didn't get too carried away. Hi Shari Thanks for the revised draft - just a couple of things I wanted to talk to you about which I have incorporated into a revised draft. Thanks In accordance with my voice message, attached is the Standstill Agreement, which by copy of this letter I am asking Christian Yoder, one of Enron's lawyers in Portland, to have executed by Tim Belden and then faxed to you at telephone. Thanks for all you assistance in getting this finalized. Hi Marc I think we are almost ready to start landscaping project - could you go to Newton's on Sat am? New Counsel - Derek Flaman I would like to get back to Derek on his trip to Houston last week. We Canada have signed off, including commercial approval from Milnthorp and Cross, subject to satisfactory interviews in Houston. Jim Derrick was not available but have scheduled May 25 to send Derek back to Houston to meet with Jim. Hi John Give me a call on this - I was thinking either Marcus Nettelton or Carol St Clair in Houston could help you. Which one will depend in part on how you think the timing will go. Hi guys I just remembered that we talked about playing today 1030? Hope all is well and I'll talk to you soon. If you have any questions regarding this, please direct the e-mail to Martha Keesler at martha. Thank you, Elizabeth Sager thanks for the message - Enron definitely pays expenses. we will meet just to make sure nobody has anything they want to talk about, so it should last hardly at all Hi Looking forward to seeing everyone - a babysitter for Lucy, Ella and Sam sounds great. Let me know if you need me to do anything. Thanks for the note - I had alot of fun on Sat. The teachers name for swimming at the H is Lauren. sounds great - enjoy ps - Statement of Commitment sure looks interesting - what ever happened to indicative pricing and terms Can you met with Ella's school sometime mid morning on either Wed or Thurs next week. On Colorado, we currently are scheduled to return on Wed the 22nd. On this schedule we would miss parent orientation Tues and the kids would miss the first day of school which is a half day Wed. As with any pearl, and in your case, enough has been said. Given everything, else don't fret over this one. Please help me - I can not get access to approve this account. I am his supervisor and can get access to others accounts Hi Sounds great - what do you think about 7-11 or 12 so the kids can "watch the sun set, too" "Brock, Alex" abrock PoloRalphLauren. Hickerson called and wanted to know if I would be interested in speaking in Calgary in Oct. Greg I think you may already be speaking. She will be in employee training on the following Monday. Alice will also be supporting Harlan Murphy, a new lawyer that will also start on Friday. If that doesn't work I can also play on Wed. See ya Have a great weekend eating soggy hotdogs in misty, damp weather, dreaming of Genia on her cruise, all the while wondering about the meaning of quality time.