please either call me to discuss your comments and I can complete the chart with Brenda or else provide Brenda with your written comments. I'm sorry I thought you might still be here. I'm travelling the rest of this week so how about April 24th or 25th next week? Hi Mike Dede and my husband and I are all bringing our racquets hoping to get in some tennis on either or both Wed and Thurs? One hundred and forty two hours ago, I wandered into the Houston Casino, not really sure why other than a free floating anxiety that could only be appeased by attending to the ministerial tasks in life that so frequently make us forget how good life is. So after a rousing game of tennis on Friday morning while my children were frolicking with Dede's 3 children at the Houston Country Club, I tackled my desk and made head way to no where. After trashing 457 emails, I opened the the 458th. A place where my roots are as you all know, my mom and dad are buried in a family graveyard 200 feet from the only barn not burned in the Shenandoah valley during the Civil War and which was used a Yankee hospital. And of course there is the hope of sustaining energy to cope with this lackluster, stressful career in the Casino. And the Gods must have seen this coming too. Being meager and always wanting to commit small, I sought only volume 1 of the opus. Plenty of volume 2s and 3s but not a volume 1 to be found. Other than in the sole, 3 volume set, neatly packages in the box, high up on a lonely shelf. I knew I was on the right track when the person behind me tried to grab it out of my hands. I'm now on page 32 having met Jefferson Davis and Dear Abe. At this rate I'll be finished in about 4 years, a true history of the war. Notice of flare up of Civil War imagery I'm sure there's a scholar out there who has already published that big magnum opus on "Dogs in the Civil War. " However, Shelby Foote doesn't mention a single dog in his work and so the topic hasn't entered my imagination. I'm sorry about the gender thing, but your spirit and behavior is the same as his and you're going to have to go through this reading cycle bearing my comments about his behavior. I'll try to work in some dog analogies if I can. Cleburne was a German Shepherd if there ever was one. I would have hated to be across that line looking at his formation over there. I would prefer waging the battle as a four-legged soldier, North or South it doesn't matter, we are here just to serve our Masters. Notice of flare up of Civil War imagery One hundred and forty two years ago today, the great great great grandfather of Stacy Dickson, a guy named Edmond Ruffin, when other sober minded men held back, stepped up to touch a burning torch to a big cannon pointed across the Charleston harbor at Fort Sumter and touched off the great Civil War. " On this anniversary day, Clyde Durham, itinerant journeyman energy attorney, touches off his third consecutive reading of Shelby Foote's great American Iliad about that war, this reading giving him more sustaining energy to cope with his lacklustre, stressful career in the Casino than any other theraputic activity he has yet found. The Civil War imagery and analogies will be flowing soon. I see Elizabeth as a daughter of old Virginia with the Sager homestead right there in the Valley where much of the action took place. I'm not sure where your folks would have fit in Genia, but you will soon be assigned the proxy name I can't think of at the moment, the Irish warrior who fought for the South. I hope this won't cause serious professional difficulties for us as we wade through the epic battles and their respective corporate analogies. I've become weak in body and have recently only played inside at the Met - I'm playing this weekend outside for the first time in weeks - I'll probably get killed. Anytime you want to play, just give me a call. Lucky you - as I struggle at my desk dealing with the fallout from extreme volatility in Western power prices, I can think of nothing more pleasant then holding a newborn they never cry and don't eat that much - right? Hope all is well and I'll talk to you soon. Before that though we have tennis scheduled he'll kill me but I do have the better form so it looks like we will have to push it till the week of the 23rd Any day that week is good. Way to go again on your sweet victory this weekend. Thanks for yesterday - It's a wonderful tradition that I look forward to every year. Also, I spoke w Pam and does Tues at 700 work for you? Thanks again Thanks for the book and bikes - Ella is in love with the bike with the basket. In lieu of sending out multiple letters and then aggregating the exposures for set off purposes, I thought it would be more understandable if we put all the matters in one letter. For each product line, I thought we could attach all the relevant information I'm not sure if this is making it too easy for the court but it seems like the right thing to do.