Park-n-ride and Deal Profitability Michelle is it possible to evaluate a park-n-ride in deal profitability? If it would be Mei-Ling and I would like to meet with you to understand what we might have to modify. Yes, these numbers are the posted volumes according to their bulletin board. These volumes are slightly above last week's posting. I was told that the board was the official source for throughput information but, I will see if there is another source. Are you absolutely positive about these numbers? I know we are taking up part of the space but it seems like they should be full to SoCal as well. Included is the Burlington credit of 83000 in prior period adjustments. Sorry I wasn't here for your email last Friday. Men of Honor with Cuba Wadding Jr was a good tear jerker, Charlie's Angel was humorous because we weren't expecting much, and Bedazzled brought us back down to earth. Movie Suggestions Hi Michelle, How are you? We thought it would be a good idea if we can try to get together one day. I haven't asked you for movie suggestions since a long time. I could add them to my future rental list. Party to celebrate the partnership of business and the arts. Stroll through exhibitions, sample a selection of delicious desserts, and enjoy festive holiday entertainment with your family. Create your own holiday craft and have a keepsake photograph taken of you and your family! 03 cent transport rate from Oasis to the new proposed interconnect Panhandle leg in exchange for volume commitment of 3 bcfs over 5 years. ePrime is planning on using the transport for loads during the 4 peaking summer months. Putting together list of details for solicitation, allowing us to sell and hedge higher transport rates and taking advantage of current market spreads Mark your calendars! We have 25 tickets for us and our customers. Customer list and suggestions for dinner? Those are really helping me with the reconciliation. Can I have one for each of the following months for Mojave 56696 to confirm Scheduled volumes? The government takes both, hires you to take care of them and sells you the milk. You must take care of them, but the government takes all the milk. Your herd multiplies, and the economy grows. You borrow 80 of the forward value of the two cows from your bank, then buy another cow with 5 down and the rest financed by the seller on a note callable if your market cap goes below 20B at a rate 2 times prime.