The purpose of the class is to learn about electric utilities as our customers, learn about some of the current regulatory and legislative debates and the impact on us, and to learn about the economics of electric generation. The class includes a full day of course work and a working lunch will be served. A workbook is being prepared and will be distributed to you a week prior to the class. Similar industry classes can cost upwards of 600 per student. Our customized class can accommodate up to 100 attendees. How does everyone else's schedule look for the morning of the 18th? Thanks for asking about Meghan she's going to be 2 next month where has all the time gone? It sounds like you're having a terrific time too. Let's talk soon and thing about me when you guys go to Zios! It's not the same without your smiling face I hope all is well for you and your family how is that precious daughter of yours? sorry, I probably mispelled her name We miss you very much but so glad you found a new "home" ie work place I wanted to drop a line and say hello I'm enjoying working at campus. It's very nice being close to home and my son's school. Great to hear from you. Would have gotten back to you sooner, but we just got back from vacationing in California. Sure was tough to leave temperatures in the 60s and return to the 90s! Did they ever implement Modular Forecasting? I am in marketing for Enron, using my trading and financial background. The timing was perfect and my commute is so much shorter! and shouldn't the Aggies be in the Top 20? Since I didn't get to say good-bye, I wanted to see how you were doing? It sounds like you landed on your feet pretty fast. To be nosey, were you able to get a severance package and then become employed that quickly? The speculation around here was that you already had the Enron job i. , may have given notice already and Will severed you because of the soft landing scheduled heck, I would have loved to be in your situation. I guess you know that Will officially left the company. Another speculation was that he tried to garner a severance package himself, but they turned him down of course he was furious, but I don't know if it was true. Randa mentioned that you are travelling some, but didn't really know what your job function entailed. Periodically keep in touch because inquiring minds like to know and I might use you for some research. Reliant is interested in bidding for the capacity being auctioned on EnronOnLine, but will probably not respond until Monday. Reliant is also interested in the concept of fuel monetization and will definitely work with us to give shipper's perspective. 