Still, Enron is holding on to its investment, now worth only 1. Cynet holds the exclusive North American marketing license for Teleran Electronic's wireless modems. Sorry I wasn't here for your email last Friday. Men of Honor with Cuba Wadding Jr was a good tear jerker, Charlie's Angel was humorous because we weren't expecting much, and Bedazzled brought us back down to earth. We thought it would be a good idea if we can try to get together one day. I haven't asked you for movie suggestions since a long time. I could add them to my future rental list. Please let me know if you are not available. Thanks in advance for your prompt response. Customer List Please review again and forward back to me with correct names, addresses and phone numbers. Thanks in advance, adr Still isn't working. Problems with the Deal Profitability Model? There were some problems a few weeks ago but I'm assuming they have been resolved since no one is saying anything. Have there been any problems accessing the website? Are there any issues you'd like to raise? I'm not sure I have all the users on the mailing list so please inform those I may have inadvertently left out. Volume is 5000/day production on the Crawford lateral 500267. Gas will be transported to both the Willi Wick Farm Tap 12510 in the Texas panhandle area as well as to the West Texas pool 58646. Park-n-ride and Deal Profitability Michelle is it possible to evaluate a park-n-ride in deal profitability? If it would be Mei-Ling and I would like to meet with you to understand what we might have to modify. Would have gotten back to you sooner, but we just got back from vacationing in California. Sure was tough to leave temperatures in the 60s and return to the 90s! Did they ever implement Modular Forecasting? I am in marketing for Enron, using my trading and financial background. The timing was perfect and my commute is so much shorter! and shouldn't the Aggies be in the Top 20? Since I didn't get to say good-bye, I wanted to see how you were doing? It sounds like you landed on your feet pretty fast. To be nosey, were you able to get a severance package and then become employed that quickly? The speculation around here was that you already had the Enron job i. , may have given notice already and Will severed you because of the soft landing scheduled heck, I would have loved to be in your situation. I guess you know that Will officially left the company. Another speculation was that he tried to garner a severance package himself, but they turned him down of course he was furious, but I don't know if it was true. Randa mentioned that you are travelling some, but didn't really know what your job function entailed. Periodically keep in touch because inquiring minds like to know and I might use you for some research.