I know you guys have been working on this, but Citizens continues to receive cuts. Let's get together after lunch tomorrow to discuss how to handle the books next month. This list represents critical people to continue making markets, fundies analysis, and trading. We talked briefly on Monday about our commitment to a full work day at Enron. If you are in the office, then please be prepared to contribute to the group for a full day. Our schedule now calls for critical communication in the afternoons. We need to know that each employee will be here every day to create the consistency needed to outperform the rest of the market. We want to remain as flexible as possible with all traders when it comes to an emergency, but remember that you have a commitment to Enron to contribute a full work day. Please organize your vacation on the west desk calendar with Ina and coordinate any early afternoon departures with Ina and myself. Also, prepare to have your markets covered when you leave the office early. Our phys fixed priced liquidity this morning put us in a longer nov nymex position. I talked to Fernando Leija and Randy Hebert. I would like to recommend both of them for the Trading Track interviews. Please call both of them to confirm the interview date. Monte is showing 233 lots long intra and the report is showing 413. Please see attached description. Keith and I discussed working towards this meeting being organized every week. I would like the meeting room cleared and the handouts to be emailed before the meeting begins. Please work towards emailing everyone an itinerary each week. You guys are making great progress with the fundies information. Please see the attached chart outlining our Confirmation process. This is the same process that Barry Tycholiz implemented for Origination. I think it is a great way to verify our booking process. Please use the trading books that Anne Bike passed out yesterday. We will be implementing an additional confirm process going forward. Before the confirmation is sent to the counterparty, the Enron trader will sign off on the confirm. All broker deals will be handled this way. Please generate a new daily summary report of all broker deals by trader in the west region. This will allow me to verify if the new process is being handled properly. Anne, please communicate this to your group. Casually let Kim know that Phillip Allen no longer is in charge of the west. I had an emergency and could not call the list. Please trade smaller in the future. Do not stop yourself out today in one move, but rather begin a methodical plan to reduce your risk. I am not sure if this is the problem from Friday. We would like the ability to trade cash with Puget Sound. It is very difficult to interrupt the business and information that we receive from serving Puget as we near the winter months. If you need to freeze business to evaluate the impact of the recent ruling, then please freeze baseload business only. In the future, please call me with any credit issues in the west. Phillip Allen is no longer the Desk Director of the west. We can worry about this on the next West Desk update. Will you please activate all phys and fin index products for Nov and Nov-Mar. Don't forget to paint it with nice tight two ways and wood. Are we almost done with a master customer contact sheet? Let me know how Steve and Janie can help you with this. When finished, please forward to all traders. Please look at two supply deals with Enserco at the Citygate for March 2001. They are contesting the fact that we allocated all cuts to the highest priced deal. How is the project coming? Would you like to get involved in the west fundies projects as well? I would like you stay involved, so let me know how I can help to include you more. We were wondering why Frank Ermis is scheduled for the Trading Track interviews. Also, am I not on the list for interviews?