If this is true, I do not know what or when my email service at work will be back up. Please send in the mean time any emails to plove houston. I hope everyone understands how bad this makes our entire team look. This issue continues to be brought up in the staff meeting and we are always the cause of it. This is the second time in less than a week and we have gone over this several times. Next time this happens, someone is liable to get an exit early pass from the floor for good. Anytime a price desk deal that involves the central desk needs to be changed, the person that runs the central book will not leave the floor until Errol or Joey tells you that there book is ok. That is the rule and there will be absolutely no exceptions. Sorry I have to be a jerk, but it is obvious that being nice about it has not worked. Thanks for your help in eliminating this in the future. what is this I hear that you may have a new job for me? I hope so, we keep going in the toilet on Wall Street. You will see there are numbers Lee attribute to You and I. I wanted to go over the months that there is a large difference - see what counter parties make up the difference so that we can determine the absolute correct number for him. That works out to 500 a couple for the week 6 nights. That will give us 5 days to ski or 4 on 1 off. Continental flys directly to Steamboat for 300 roundtrip. We have to pay 50 upon booking the house and 50 within 30 days of arrival. I will pay the 50 up front, I just want a firm committment that you will be going. Do not rely on your trader to catch mistakes. On Ebay the cups I sent you are going for 50 and higher. Only financial deals with these counterparties 2. Please shout if you have any questions. Due to the problems we had last week/this weekend that you guys helped us try and resolve, we are going to have to go the route of Canada on these Aeco deals and book a spreadsheet for VaR purposes. Please set the two books up like Calgary's book Sheet 1 on the attached file We need to start doing this tonight, because Hunter and Lavorato want their VaR reported correctly tonight. They both plan on altering their positions and utilizing all of their VaR. I apologize for the short notice and appreciate all of your help so that I can get this fixed for tonight's VaR. Please let me know any additional information I can provide you. I need to give a list to Arthur Anderson as soon as possible. Can you give me a list of all of the deals that have been put into Sitara for the Chicago office - the book/counterparty name will be Enovate. The Arthur Anderson auditors have requested this information. They are doing an audit of Enovate and want a list of all of the deals since the book started in order to get a sample size for their audit. Thanks for your help and shout if you need anymore information. 30 with logistics in 32C2 to go over what risk does and what logistics does. Please also remember to email your goals for the next six months so that we can work on making sure you meet those objectives.