Please let me know if you will be paying by PayPal alove houston. I will mail the balls priority mail as soon as I receive payment. Thanks again and use this email address if you reply before this evening, alove housotn. com is my home email and I can not access it from work. Thanks again and look forward to hearing from you soon. Please let me know if you will be paying by PayPal alove houston. I will mail the balls priority mail as soon as I receive payment. Thanks again and use this email address if you reply before this evening, alove housotn. com is my home email and I can not access it from work. Thanks again and look forward to hearing from you soon. What is my little friend Emma beans up to? I bet she is growing and talking up a storm. Are you guys coming to the Fest this year? Just to offer you a little encouragement, I found a special fare for you out there on southwest non stop both ways here is the link. You know we can not have the tradition ended. I did not realize how successful he has been at the college level. Three times his offenses have led the nation in offense. He also did a good job with Quarterbacks. I heard Auburn got rid of Off and Def coordinator. I cancelled my service with you over a month ago and asked that you keep from sending me a bill. My service was cancelled immediately and I was told I would receive a bill from you and I would then have to call and dispute the bill to have my account credited. I asked at that time since I had waited on hold that time for 30 minutes that this matter be taken care of immediately so that I would not have to call back and sit on hold again for half an hour. Your customer service manager, very rudely I might add, said that was impossible and I would just have to do it anyway. Since I have had to wait on hold today for so long I want this email to serve as my dispute and have my account closed and the balance due removed since you terminated my service and I did not get the use of my phone. Just a word of advice, I would hire more customer service representatives if you plan on keeping customer to serve. This is by far the worst customer service experience I have ever had with a company and I will make sure all of my colleagues and friends know of this experience. I understand that you don't really care about giving good customer service to your ex customers, but I assure you make a fatal error when you assume those people will not share there experience with current and future potential customers. I saved the file for us to send to Susan Trevino for all the book access requests. I added the control group and put goss, kam, valdes and his people in there. So make sure you add that group to your book requests. Please take a look at this file and let me know if we need to make any changes. I plan on sending this file to Susan Trevino by tomorrow afternoon. Today we officially begin the process for the New Company. That being said, we now have to tighten the ship a bit. From now on, please refrain from playing games and surfing the internet all day. If you are bored and don't have anything to do, please look for things to do that are work related. This is a good time to improve your skills and learn about things you are not absolutely proficient in. Read some options books, study macros in the P L's, etc. The key phrase here is work to improve your skills so that we can shake off some of the rust we have developed in the last month. All of this is coming from Goss and it is serious, to be a part of the new company you have to show that you are willing to contribute and are the best of the best. I know this sounds harsh, but we have all had a nice vacation and I am sure most of you are like me and looking forward to not having such a boring job. It looks as though bidders will be in this week, so we will have some reports and demonstrations to give. Please pull me aside or email me if you have any further questions. I have sorted by counterparty and period. Looks like a few of these deals go out to calendar year 2002. I have four sleeves of Titleist Tour Prestige 90 and 8 sleeves of Pinnacle Gold Distance golf balls. Please let me know if you are interested and what you are willing to pay. If you are not interested, I apologize for the message. She has requested that we send you the bankruptcy post ids.