I understand we are splitting the west into two regions. I am attaching the curve files we have created. Please take a look at them and make sure I am not missing curves or have included wrong ones. We are only going to be setting published locations initially. I am sending you the curves in three parts due to the size of the files. Please let me know if you have any questions. Please review and let me know if we need to make any changes or additions to this file. They are pretty simple and straightforward and do not link to anything currently. I am sending them in three different emails because of the size. Can you add to my current profile all the books that Scott Palmer currently has calculation access to. Could you also set Bruce Mills, Kristen Clause and Edward Brady up like Scott Palmer. Additionally can you also set up Ashley Worthing like Anne Bike. Thanks for you help and shout with any questions. We are trying to do a mass mapping for the systems of all of these products. As you mentioned, not all of these products will roll out initially, but we wanted to go ahead and map them in the system. I have put in the old trader's names in a column column F. If you could check out the list when you get a chance and let me know if you want to change the traders on any of the products and who will be trading the products for the traders that are not moving over names highlighted in green. Also, there are no current products under Jason Wolfe, Matt Smith or Jane Tholt. Please let me know if we need to create products for them or if we will be moving existing ones to them. Please also let me know which traders need to also have a physical book. The list I gave you this morning is the financial books we set up. Thanks for your help and let me know if you have any questions or concerns. We are all truly hurt by the passing of his mother. From the recent articles I have read in the Alabama papers, it appears she was a phenomenal mother and friend. We were also pleased to see his positive comments regarding his teammates, fellow students and alumni of Auburn. The auburn spirit is special and it means a lot to those of us who spent time there to hear current players and students share the same beliefs. We are sure he will continue to honor his mother and her memory by his outstanding play on the field and dedication in the classroom. Thank you Mr. Walker for making us all proud to be an Auburn Tiger. Please respond via email to let us know if the University or anyone else has set up a memorial fund or scholarship in her name. We would really like to donate money in her name. The Love Family Dianne, Phillip and Ashley Houston, Texas Class of 69', 71' and '93 Can you let your group know that we have made some changes in responsibility in Risk Management. Kam Keiser will be responsible for the West Desk, Scott Palmer will now be responsible for the Central Desk and I will now be responsible for the East Desk. Please pass this information on and direct future inquiries accordingly. The students that appear in the pictures from Halloween dressed in racial costumes should be immediately expelled from the University and their respective fraternities should be permanently removed from campus. com should be disciplined and removed from the vendor list for the University. Auburn University and it's related organizations should not contribute money to organizations that are willing to take pictures of such insulting behavior and try and profit from them by selling them to disgusting human beings that would participate in such offensive behavior. As graduates of Auburn University and Athletic and Academic Scholarship donors, we are appalled by these students behavior and demand immediate action be taken against them. The longer this issue is not dealt with, the worse our University looks in the eyes of the world. Please take action and help save Auburn's reputation. could you please grant access to myself and Ed Brady for the books that Alejandra Chavez currently has access. Thanks for your help and shout with any questions. Can each of you please set up minibooks for any deals in your books that are with any Dynegy counterparty. We have not gotten the request yet, but we expect Lavo to ask Gossett at any time for this info and we want to be prepared for a quick turnaround.