Thanks for your help and shout with any questions. Kam is now the desk head for the West Desk, Scott Palmer is now the desk head for the Central Desk and I am now desk head for the East Desk. Thanks and please share with your colleagues. We just wanted to let you guys know of some changes in order to keep the te rminations being processed in a timely manner. It appears that all Netco e mployees may be taken off of systems access for Enron this weekend. In cas e this is true, Darron and I have transitioned from handling these requests. Greg Couch is going to be leading the estate risk effort and Pat Ryder a nd Chance Rabon will be handling all termination list issues. Please send these lists to these three people in lieu of Darron and I. As a side note, could you send an updated financial termination list if this list has chan ged since you sent it to me Kim to these guys so that they can verify deal s are moved to the proper book. For examp le the price book has been basically split into three books. Please shout with any questions or concerns you may have. Please shout with any questions or concerns. Please Email to Don Miller when you complete it. I think we also talked about last week that we need to make sure everyone was here by 7 a. Give them to Bruce since he is the slowest and he will bring them in Monday morning and distribute to our trader's. on Monday in order to answer any questions your traders have and test out your systems. I left Louis a message to call you tomorrow and let you know about the demand charge rate. This usually entails you getting the two amounts from your bank account that they drafted - usually pennies. Once you are verified, I will receive the funds and I will mail out the cube. I have you down for 61 plus shipping, not 1,600. I am sorry if you did not mean to bid 61, but it is hardly out of the range - these balls were selling this weekend for 80-90. If your winning bid was 200 or higher I could understand your complaint and we could make an adjustment, but 61 is not an unreasonable amount. Please let me know if you are planning on paying the 61 I will pay shipping if you use PayPal. Please let me know if you will be paying by PayPal alove houston. As soon as I receive payment, I will mail the cube by priority mail. If you respond during the day, respond to this email address, the alove houston. com is for my home account and I can not access it from work. Please let me know if you will be paying by PayPal alove houston. I will need your mailing address as well. I will mail the balls priority mail as soon as I receive payment. Thanks again and use this email address if you reply before this evening, alove housotn. com is my home email and I can not access it from work. Thanks again and look forward to hearing from you soon. Please let me know if you will be paying by PayPal alove houston. I will mail the balls priority mail as soon as I receive payment. Thanks again and use this email address if you reply before this evening, alove housotn. com is my home email and I can not access it from work. Please email me your address so that I can send them. Thanks again and look forward to hearing from you soon. Please let me know if you will be paying by PayPal alove houston. I will mail the balls priority mail as soon as I receive payment. Thanks again and use this email address if you reply before this evening, alove housotn. com is my home email and I can not access it from work.