limitations, we need you guys to fly commercial from Houston to Cabo on company 's, of course. On the way back, you would fly on the company plane, and Zufferli would fly commercial directly to Calgary. Could I please get an updated valuation summary on the sale of New Albany. Do not include the 10 million capacity unwind in the economics. Below are contacts if you need help over the weekend with new docs, employee questions, etc. I need to know by noon on Sunday who is in and who is not. For people not committing, try to get there contracts back so we can re-allocate 's as necessary. All contracts signed by Sunday at noon will get a 2500 check from me personally. I encourage all of you to contribute to the fund to entice early signing. If you need new docs printed, please contact Amy or Jeanie at above 's or call me. Harry - You and your guys situation is different, therefore, ignore the Sunday issue. However, please contact Amy and/or Jeanie to generate contracts for Steve and Rob use the 's we talked about. I am trying to customize the view and I keep getting an error. Open Date Quantity Purchase Price Last Price Cost Basis Market Value Gain/Loss Gain/Loss Can you make this the default view setting. Lauderdale on 9/13, can you see if Steve or Continental can improve our row 25 seats to a bulkhead row for both the outgoing and return flights. I view the sharing of the fundies databases and associated web sites gas and power with the Estate as a serious commercial issue that we should not ignore. The estate can not only use the proprietary information as a competitor in the trading business, but they could potentially sell the data to multiple competitors. I am not planning on giving any of the data to the Estate. I feel very strongly about this issue and the rest of the commercial organization does as well. One of the keys to maintaining a competitive edge in this business is our huge headstart in this area. This will become the tour location with a description of the regional markets and the energy hubs within those super regions. If you need a copy of the plan, my preference is that you deal directly with Todd and his staff as I am very busy during the week. 00 only on Thursday and will be out on Friday. White, Bill Black, Tamara Jae Presto, Kevin M. 81 Sold 50 contracts per month of Nov-Dec 02 at 3. However, for the 1st 60 days, I still want to review. I don't want any of our screens visible to the customers, not matter who they are. Please grant full access to Dale Furrow in retail risk management. The area where the plants are located is quite possibly the most congested area in the entire Eastern Interconnect. I have been analyzing the data today and the real-time clearing prices are not there. If Kim cannot attend, I need to move the meeting to a time when she can be there. I am missing an Enron 10,000 share sale from Monday of last week. I am assuming this will be corrected today.