Do you still have the instructions for the wire to Compass Bank in the files? Rod, we executed those shares yesterday at 85. We will need a Unanimous Consent to make Kevin an Officer of the pipes, title should just be Vice President. I think given the discussions over the weekend it would be good to do so effective last friday. Is there anything that can be done to improve the speed? Please send the following to Kathy Campos who will put it together for me in a book. Copy of your goals for 2000 and the latest status. A list of accomplishments/things you are proud of this year, specifically indicate any involvement in the Associates/Analysts Program or the Recruiting Program. Your Supervisor will provide me with a Copy of a Preliminary Evaluation. I will need these by the 29th of November for those in the accounting and finance ranks. For all others I will need the input for the 13th of December. Make sure you keep Dot and Drew in the loop on this stuff. I meant to try and explain, not to redo. Only as a last resort ould we wantto redo. I will need to have my memory refreshed. Don't make it harder than it needs to be. Itwas in a yellow interoffice envelope, real yellow, not the regular manila colored. Has there been any announcements on the Dynegy deal? Just make sure you work with Kevin he made need assistance While I am out of the officetoday please keep Kevin Howard up to speed on what you see and hear. I just told kathy to send an email tomy direct reports. I will resend to you Tell everyone to calm down and get their work done. I know it doesn't help much, but I'm not sure what you can tell everyone at this point. Well I guess from what is taking place that dynegy has backed out of the deal. If the reimbursement doesn't show up then there is no offset and the dollars spent should end up in rate base. Isn't that about the way it could happen? What is the purpose of this meeting? Jim should call with a phone number so that I don't ave to over there Please send me an email to let me know Thinking about the current organization, do think it appropriate to consider putting Ms Fischer in his organization? The kind of things she is doing for you currently are similar to the kind of things we are going to have Kevin working with Corp on. I will be putting into his organization the economic analytic talents and special projects people from the pipeline group as well as some others. We will not be charging out these costs into the specific commercial units, but instead expect them to generate the ideas and value to pay for themselves. His group will be providing services to all, but I am willing to carve out some priorities. I think as long as Enron is performing, I'm not sure why there is all of this noise. I have already approved and forwarded. Yes and yes, but it will take me another day or so for the announcement I am trying to get a decision, but I think we need to maintain flexibility, if at all possible. Still want to try and get it done this year. Cash is king for now and we need thepricing to get the rest of the cash. If it has to be pushed to next year, that works, but if it can be done it needs to be. The cash flows for 2001 are currently locked, but if we get a chance to adjust for carry forwards we will. Worst case is that the dollars will have to be reapproved as outside of the budget. Likely that we will be able to do some internal moving of dollars to compensate for this, but not guarenteed.