Ultimately more definition, but for now, it's a good start. Or, were you looking for more stretch or creativity I want to make sure that we are looking out for our people at this point in time. If there is someone who is having a particular problem, now is a time to be comforting. I also want to make sure that we are doing everything in our power to reduce spending. If you have a vacancy, now may be the time to consider do you really have to fill that job right now. Are you sure I don't need to be there? If I leave here I will call your cell so you know how to reach me. That is one of the things we are working on. At this point in time Dynegy will be responsible for this debt, if they exercise their rights under the preferred stock agreements, which would leave them with common pledged to the lenders. The price they paid recognized the debt was there, if it is not there, the price will be higher. Suffice it to say all of these things will be tken care of before it funds. When things get speculative the language always gets scary. Use cell for next 40 minutes and then use home if you need me. Remember blackberry doesn't work so well at home I'm sitting in the airport waiting on the plane. Going to New York tonight and will be home tuesday night. Love, Dad I would prefer that we have shipped the computers before there is any announcement. If your announcement is after we ship then I would feel more comfortable mentioning some of the details. Do you think that I can mention this pending project with Enron? I should be back in te office on wednesday. Where do you want to meet to walk over there? Do you want to eat lunch somewhere before? Where do you want to meet to go over there? There are still some remaining issues to be sorted out. These are my thoughts based upon general knowledge of the year and some specifics for the last few months. A short discussion with Phil might lead me to believe that he would think I might be being too generous on Dave. If you need asignature fax it to the hotel. I intend to distribute something this week Can you send me an invitation for the 2 meetings on monday in outlook? I ca then accept and get it on my calendar in the office The issue is that in order to sell the units there is a public disclosure of the units being in rawhide which may have some more issues. If we want to sell then we need to file and wait. I would think that if they pay in advance it should not be a problem, The cash flows for 2001 are currently locked, but if we get a chance to adjust for carry forwards we will. Worst case is that the dollars will have to be reapproved as outside of the budget. Likely that we will be able to do some internal moving of dollars to compensate for this, but not guarenteed. While talking with Kim and Martha a question was asked on capital budgeting for Revenue Management. The question has to do with carrying over previously approved dollars from 2000 to 2001. In July 00, this amount was approved to spend in 2001 in the 2001 budget as a line item 4. Expected expenditures in 2000 for Phase one. Current assessment of money not needed for Phase one deliverables estimated, may still change 3. Amount approved with current work-orders. Possible amount to be carried over and spent in 2001 2. Phase one approved carryover in 2001 budget. Estimated additional carryover not currently in 2001 budget 3. Phase two in 2001 budget in the Marketing Pool 4. I have to be offset against the Marketing Pool? 8 does go against the Marketing pool of 15. 0 million, will the revenues generated from Revenue Management reduce the revenues generated from the pool?