Expenditures While talking with Kim and Martha a question was asked on capital budgeting for Revenue Management. The question has to do with carrying over previously approved dollars from 2000 to 2001. In July 00, this amount was approved to spend in 2001 in the 2001 budget as a line item 4. Expected expenditures in 2000 for Phase one. Current assessment of money not needed for Phase one deliverables estimated, may still change 3. Amount approved with current work-orders. Possible amount to be carried over and spent in 2001 2. Phase one approved carryover in 2001 budget. Estimated additional carryover not currently in 2001 budget 3. Phase two in 2001 budget in the Marketing Pool 4. Have to be offset against the Marketing Pool? Does go against the Marketing pool of 15. Million, will the revenues generated from Revenue Management reduce the revenues generated from the pool? These are my thoughts based upon general knowledge of the year and some specifics for the last few months. A short discussion with Phil might lead me to believe that he would think I might be being too generous on Dave. I would prefer that we have shipped the computers before there is any announcement. If your announcement is after we ship then I would feel more comfortable mentioning some of the details. Do you think that I can mention this pending project with Enron? Ultimately more definition, but for now, it's a good start. Or, were you looking for more stretch or creativity. What is the deal? Hole is unlikely, but is a real weak point in any sales discussion. Please call me if you have any questions at x33597. I also understand that this is a part of the Revenue Management project. I don't think Philippe requires the level of due diligence that we performed, but we were getting questioned on buying a 3rd party product vs. We did more research and got the other groups involved so that they would understand our decision. I believe everyone is now comfortable with our purchase decision. In our analysis of systems, we selected the Caminus product in part because we had several individual references from Arthur Andersen, Deliotte Touche and Ernst Young. These organizations, especially Arthur Andersen, have audited this application and have actually participated in numerous implementations. Ernst Young recently selected Caminus for Equitable Resources. Arthur Anderson implemented the application for Conoco and 5 or 6 other companies, and Deloitte Touche recently selected the product for Tractabel. After talking with individuals from these accounting firms, we felt very confident that the product was sound, and we should not have audit concerns. Obviously, we have a lot of business procedures that have to be established, and there is time in the work plan to do that work, but a lot of those decisions drive how the application is configured so we need to get the product purchased work through the details of how we implement the new business procedures since the system does drive a lot of processes. Regarding costs, we have an approved work order for 650,000 which covers all the initial hardware, software, implementation costs and first year maintenance. This cost does represent a very limited implementation with only 10 concurrent users, no customization except a few reports, and no electronic interfaces or data conversion. The assumption is that initially the volume would be so low that an automated interface may not be cost justified, and the data would manually be loaded since it was low volume as well.