Can someone please send Dr. Lay a schedule, so he can plan accordingly? With regard to working out a convenient date to meet with you, Rosalee has suggested that your week of September 4 is pretty well booked-up. After that I have to join Norm Blake at the Olympics in Sydney. While all of this can de done by phone, as deputy to the chairmen, I'm making every effort to meet albeit briefly with each Committee member. If you are willing to host a meeting in Houston, I want to make every effort to have Paul Newman in attendance. Your question about some kind of Futures/Options market in the commercial space market, Ken Lay said that to approach Jeff Skilling about it is absolutely the right approach. Arena I wanted to make sure you were aware of something that has come up since the last breakfast meeting regarding our group financing the Arena parking garage. Baker Botts put us in touch with the Rockets to discuss Hines being the Development Manager on the Arena and garage. Although not fully agreed, there is strong interest on both sides. Besides help on the development front, we think there may be value in our acting as a bit of a buffer between the Sports Authority and the Rockets and coordinating any issues involving the new convention hotel where we are also providing development management. The Rockets Mike Goldberg-Baker Botts have talked to Ric Campo and supposedly he is enthusiastic but thinks this should "be the Authority's idea. One issue is how much of our fee would apply to the garage, which presumably the city would pick up, and how much would apply to the Arena. Since this is a fast moving issue, I wanted you to know about this. Obviously the discussions are all very confidential. If you have any thoughts in advance of the next breakfast meeting, please give me a call. Also, on another topic, we have been doing a tiny bit of pie in the sky brainstorming on the concept of creating some kind of Futures/Options market in the commercial space market. I will approach Jeff Skilling unless you would recommend elsewhere within Enron. Ken Lay asked me to advise you that he can't do this one, but would consider other dates. Breakfast Club Ken, I understand that you are trying to clear your sch. to speak at the River Oaks Breakfast Club on Oct. I hope it works out because I always hear what is going on at Enron. He will be pleased to serve as the keynote speaker for the banquet on October 13. Thanks so much for your most generous gift to complete the funding for the professorship honoring Pinkney Walker. I'm delighted that you plan to attend the Davenport Society banquet on October 13. To seek your endorsement of naming the new professorship the Pinkney C. Walker Distinguished Teaching Professorship. Rather than designating the professorship for Business and Economics, for Business Theory, or for some other area, I'd like to use it to recognize and reward a faculty member in the College of Business who is especially known for teaching effectiveness. Both Bob Pugh and Ralph Clark endorse this approach I have a call into Harold Hook to seek his input. We will use a committee of faculty and administrators within the college to select the recipient of the professorship, subject to my approval. And, I don't know if we will have the recipient selected by October 13. This name for the professorship 1 coincides with Pinkney's great strength, allows me to avoid any "turf battles" either within the college or with Economics and underscores the great importance of teaching in the college. Please let me know whether you are agreeable to this name. To ask you to serve as the keynote speaker for the Davenport Society banquet on October 13. We would be honored if you would present a brief talk perhaps 10 minutes in length related to some aspect of the future of business. Your doing so would certainly add luster to an always festive event. Your talk would come after dinner and could be preceded or followed probably followed by the announcement of the Pinkney Walker Professorship. I understand from Rosalee that you will be giving a talk in Austin the morning of October 13 perhaps an abridged version of it would be suitable for the Davenport Society banquet. Of course, you have great latitude in choosing the topic you would like to address. Please let me know if you will serve as the keynote speaker. If you can give me quick responses to these 2 requests, we will complete the plans for the evening, which will include the annoucement of the Pinkney Walker Professorship and, I hope, a keynote address by you. Naturally, if you have questions, either you or Rosalee can call me. Let me close by mentioning that there was some question as to whether or not Pinkney would attend the banquet on October 13.