A printed copy of the attached document with photos is being forwarded to you seperately. I will be responsible for sending you the monthly updates in the future. Also, I am planning a trip to the Middle East at the end of March and the beginning of April. If you have any questions, please feel free to call me. Sounds like a great trip. I'm going to have to work on Renee about diving. Masks anything around her face make her claustrophobic spelling? She can wear a ski mask, however, so she can probably get used to a scuba mask. A printed copy of project photos is being forwarded to you seperately. If you have any questions, please feel free to call. The year-end inventory is automatically calculated. Please resend the above report to me on April 12th. I am travelling and the size of the report is giving me difficulties replicating my e-mail. They are considering having their own tap into our line, probably in Section 255. I am interested in knowing whether or not there are any other pipelines nearby that they could use to sell their gas. I talked today and agreed that Conditions of Use agreements for Dabhol, Oman, and possibly Abu Dhabi would be a good starting point. Let's talk with Clay tomorrow morning Houston time. I was in Dubai and was wondering how are things going at your end. Wayne mentioned that i help you in your efforts on Dabhol. Can you tell me if this is correct? If yes, will these delivery points and volumes be in effect until the end of the contract? Do we have paperwork documenting the change? Craig Buehler told me that Dennis Lee could be of assistance. Please call me when you figure this out. Let's stay in touch about the possibilty of landing a spot cargo into Puerto Rico in January. As we discussed, how we play this with Cabot is a big issue. Also, let's continue to think about how we make the logistics work and how we can get Cabot's cooperation if needed. Also, note that Eco may need 2 cargoes of this size to make it until the Early Spring Cargo. Please have a look at this and see if you spot anything that needs to be added. I'd like to add our gas quality specs and equipment specs mentioned in Sect. Next I want to circulate to engineering and operations for comment. I didn't realize that you were still in Hong Kong. Congratulations from Hong Kong Paul Long time no speak! Heard about your good news - congrats on your wedding. Drop me a note some time to let me know you have received this. I do not propose any language at this time to cover the eventuality of Children except for what is in the Will. Any changes that would be needed to my beneficiary designations for the two Brown Company accounts and the Enron insurance benefits will simply be made as and when needed. Please review attached document and let's discuss. You can make revisions to this document and return to me. These prices reflect the current market. The year-end inventory is automatically calculated.