This structure matches the cost of product with ProCaribe's sales revenue. How does ProCaribe get paid for the 15 days of product that goes with the Progasco sale? Next Cargo Please explain how we will manage the price risk on this. Remeber that we have to give 15 days worth of product with the sale of Progas. Total borrowing return to EcoEl? Next cargo arrival delivery window July 20 - 31, 2001. 131,850 Btu/gallon Heat rates at less than 100 of capacity will be different from those at 100. Check with Rick or Arthur regarding performance curves. Call me if you have any additional questions. Regards, Paul Wayne, I'd like to discuss this further with you. Primarily, does this make me "officially" Dan's supervisor? I can see some pluses to that arrangement. Paul Y'Barbo Dan Masters and Rajesh Chettiar reports to Paul. Paul Y'Barbo Wayne, Can you please advise if Dan Masters, Dustin Collins and Rajesh Chettiar report to Paul Y'Barbo they were earlier reporting to Todd Peterson. To ensure that you experience a successful migration from Notes to Outlook, it is necessary to gather individual user information prior to your date of migration. Please take a few minutes to completely fill out the following survey. Does anyone have permission to access your Email/Calendar? Are you responsible for updating anyone else's address book? Is anyone else responsible for updating your address book? Do you have access to a shared calendar? Do you have any Distribution Groups that Messaging maintains for you for mass mailings ? Will you be out of the office in the near future for vacation, leave, etc? Are we still waiting for the lenders to decide whether or not they will continue funding the project? I'll give you a call Wednesday morning Mumbai time. Heat rates at less than 100 of capacity will be different from those at 100. Check with Rick or Arthur regarding performance curves. Call me if you have any additional questions. due to a graduation ceremony I have to attend. We will be performing the services under the Fuel Management Agreement.