India is nothing but problems as you may have heard. Great to hear from you and know you are alive and well. Great to hear back. Jenny and I have just returned from a short trip to Beijing, where we were antique shopping and eating great Chinese food. Life in Hong Kong is fast paced and revolves around work. I travel throughout the region making private equity investments. Weekends are a time to catch up on sleep. I was very happy to hear that you have settled down. Glad to see that you have found someone who can put up with your ideosyncracies I am kidding, of course. Thanks I didn't realize that you were still in Hong Kong. Heard about your good news - congrats on your wedding. Drop me a note some time to let me know you have received this. This structure matches the cost of product with ProCaribe's sales revenue. How does ProCaribe get paid for the 15 days of product that goes with the Progasco sale? Please explain how we will manage the price risk on this. Remeber that we have to give 15 days worth of product with the sale of Progas. I tried to phone you at your office and your cellular but could not reach you. Please e-mail me with your new contact numbers. I hope that you are doing well and enjoying your new role. If Cabot had to give up its Demand Charge and Demand Surcharge hard to imagine on the Winter Cargo, that adds another 4. A second Hoegh Galleon cargo should add 1. Cabot controls the date of the Last Cargo delivered in 2001. It can be November 23-December 15 unless another date is mutually agreeable. The date of this last delivery determines the earliest date that Eco would be able to receive the Hoegh Galleon. The earliest that Eco could receive the Hoegh Galleon should therefore be between December 20 and January 11 - depends on Cabot. Eco would be able to receive a second Hoegh Galleon cargo as soon as 29 days after the first Hoegh Galleon cargo delivery or as late as 45 days after. Two Hoegh Galleon cargoes should give Eco enough fuel barely to get them to the dates where they are eligible to receive the Early Spring cargo 100 days after the Last Cargo of 2001. In addition to the 's available to be captured, this program removes Eco's risk of not receiving a Winter Cargo from Cabot. Our gas cost is more subject to change than is the Cabot contract price we are trying to beat. The front of the price curve has lost 1. In order to be prepared to execute when market conditions are right, we need to get Eco on board and initiate discussions with a producer about supply for the second cargo. Also, we should talk with Gene Massey to confirm that the contract says what we think it says and to get his thoughts on what we are trying to do. I would appreciate any insights that you may have regarding this opportunity.