Our credit risk exposure is the bottom line. If we continue to make these mistakes, we as a group will catch severe fire. To help us do this correctly, Bianca will be handing out a revised and updated counterparty list on a monthlly basis. If all else fails and there is something you are not sure about, please call Bianca Ornelas. If you have any questions, please give me a shout. I really am tired of banging my head against a wall talking to an irrational person. I was not trying to make fun of your school, you chose that route. I was trying to make a simple point that recruiting at Enron does not make a school elite. Ashley and I need your address again and your uncles' addresses for Christmas cards. We are going to have a few people over for new year's, but nothing special. Do you want me to break out academics with you? I will be more than happy to discuss Auburn. Behind the service academies, more astronauts than any other university. Just because Enron doesn't recruit at some schools, doesn't mean they are inferior academically. You should know that recruiting at Enron has and will always be political. You have to have someone from that school in upper managment request trips be made. I can promise you in the next 2-3 years they will be recruiting at Auburn. There is only one university in Louisiana. You can not hold it against Auburn that Napoleonville has only been able to support one university. Tulane is strictly academics and we are talking sports. When did you become such a football expert? I recall Blanchard and the boys having to teach you about the game. Hopefully Mack can get some coaching in their to go with his powers of persuasion. Would you mind asking your team to email or phone me when they make a location change on a deal in sitara. We had a case yesterday where a deal was originally entered at one location for the deal and for the hedge. The point was incorrect and a person in logistics corrected it. The problem occurs in that sitara looks to verify the locations are the same on the deal and the hedge and if they are, it will then value the deal in the trader's book at mid. If the locations are different, it will value the deal at the customer price. This could potentially have a large impact on the trader's P L. It does not seem pertinent to have your guys changing swap locations in addition to changing deal locations due to time constraints. We will be more than happy to make the changes, and we should also be able to catch these problems in the first place when we calc our books. I would greatly appreciate your groups help in cutting some of these issues off at the pass. If you have any questions or concerns, please feel free to give me a shout. I heard when he committed last week, all the publications took him from a 5 star to four star. I talked with the guy at the vet school today about donations in PaPa's name. He was telling me to call him anytime I am down there and he will get us a tour of the eagle's new digs and the entire raptor center. Let me know if you are interested during football season. Doing my book and Trey's and I have a 6 p. The offer will definitely have to get sweeter to get the 2 pick overall. Jeff should we get a meeting set up with LaGrasta to discuss this with him. So, please verify your P L's nightly for accuracy, mainly curve shift and new deal problems. Curve shift reports should be run for all of your P L's and new deals should be tied out before calcing. I know you guys almost always do this, I am just giving you a friendly reminder since Hunter is going to be watching us even closer now. Also, please remember when we change any deals in sitara to notify the intra month trader. Thanks again for everything while I was out and keep up the good work. Would you mind forwarding this email to your groups and asking them to copy the other desks on any originator notebooks that they get that involve pipelines on other desks. For example, Nelson Ferries writes all of his deals on one sheet and all deals by pipeline are on one page. This would simply be an additional step to verify all deals are being captured. Hopefully this will eliminate any future problems. If you have any suggestions for ways to better handle this, please let me know. It appears that the number will be roughly 25K in income, making the number 255K unexplained and that will be for the months 0009-0011. Can we also do the same on Central through 0006, this will be roughly 56K in expenses.