Plus, you can borrow some of my gear on the days I can't meet up with you. You also need to come out in the summertime. I think my sisters and dad are coming out again for the 4th of July. We went white water rafting last year and Kim loved it. Sean I can't believe that I said what I did this morning. It was selfish and I sincerely appologize. I don't know what I was thinking or why. Well, I just listened to your message and I deserve all of it. I do love you, but many times cannot justify my actions. I love you very much, and will call you later. I just wanted to say thanks for letting us stay last weekend. We are already looking forward to doing it again next year. There will be twice as many legs and the volumes will need to be adusted at minimum on a monthly basis, and likely a weekly basis. Again, let me know if you need anything. People's Citygate As we all know, our risk managment systems will not handle this kind of a transaction without al ot of manual manipulation. Below are my recommendations for booking this transaction. The trader should periodically adjust this usage pattern as market conditions change. The negative fallout from this expected usage should be applied against the demand charge. As Oneok actually withdraws or injects gas into the virtual storage, we should record the transaction in Sitara and adjust our expected usage deal. We will adjust this financial annuity as losses are incurred. Once the annuity is all used up, we will take all losses as incurred. Any annuity amount left over at completion of the program will be taken as a gain at that time. The enovate physcial book will be flat - in and out at a zero price. Cost of Carry should work in our favor unless they elect to go negative early. Jim will build a model to determine the expected usage and track his related hedges This will be similar to what Lee has, but not as complicated This is not intended to be a comprehensive description of how to book this transaction, only an outline what I believe should be reflected in our books. Please forward any questions or comments to me. We arrive in Denver on Saturday evening the 10th. We will stay that night and leave sometime on Sunday for Silvercreek. We will return to Denver on Friday the 16th and stay the night. Our plane back to Houston is early Saturday morning. We are staying at a place in Silvercreek I had not heard of this place before Kristi's friends made the plans for 5 nights. I think we want to ski there and possibly in Winter Park it is supposed to be within 15 miles. We look forward to seeing the two of you. March Let me know again what the days are. Also, let me know what you guys what to do. I can get lift tickets for about 43 at the grocery store. It looks like there are liquidations on the buy side that equal the variance on the sales side for the above ref counterparty. Is it okay to assume that these liquidations belong on the purchase side. I wanted to check in with you and make sure we are still on for March. I also need to let you know we will have an extra person besides the four of us. He is the kid of some people who are driving up and is flying with us. He can acutally babysit so maybe we can go out one night. Hey, Brent has started a softball team to play on Sunday evenings. I beleive some of these books have not been used for quite some time. The only thing to be concerned about when ordering by phone or online is when there is a problem with the unit. It is more of a pain in the ass to mail it back than to just take it to Circuit City or Best Buy. I'd pull the trigger, that's a great price. The name of the Internet company is moreaudiovideo. Did you order yours off the internet and if so from whom? I am a little weary about buying something like this off the internet.