I was looking at the tagg deal you gave me last Friday Q40121 and it does not reference it. Or, because it is funky, does it not have to? Dawn Scott, These places carry the Onkyo receiver. I don't think they carry Polk, but ask them who you should call for Polk speakers. The place I got mine from a couple of years ago no longer carries them. Lee's Audio Video have the Onkyo listed at 629. I was thinking Mexican, but let me know what you think. I was thinking about you guys this weekend. We were in town for the game if you want to call it a game. I think that is the first time in quite a while we haven't seen you on this particular weekend. I thought I heard you were buying a new house. Well, I just hadn't talked to you in a while and I saw you email address on a message from Sean. I can't believe it has been 4 years since we were up there. I told my wife I thought it would be a 3 touchdown game, but a 49 point margin is unacceptable. I was at the game and it was as if the Texas coaches got a bunch of guys from the frat houses this week and put together a game plan on Saturday morning before kickoff. They were out of position, slow, unmotivated, and flat out not prepared to play. I like Brown and actually think he is a good fit, but at some point you actually have to coach. Obviously the coordinators bear some major responsibility as well. I really don't know what to expect for the remainder of the season. They obviously are not as bad as they showed on Saturday. But the fact remains that they are capable of playing that poorly on any Saturday, and I really did not think that with this defense they could be humiliated. The fact is they are 3-5 in the last 8 games. I think the entire remainder of the season hinges on this Saturday. If they play as poorly as they have all season they have beaten 3 terrible teams, and lost to a bad one against Colorado, they will lose and I could see them finishing at 6-5 and even 5-6 not out of the question. Attached is a forwards detail by risk of the deals in question. Let me know if you have any further questions. Don't worry about it. You are not going to pay for the tickets if you don't use them. Unfortunately, I have not been feeling well and I may not end up going. However, I should know more by tommarrow. If someone else can use the tickets then by all mean let them use them. If no one uses the tickets, then I will cover the cost of the tickets since you were saving them for me. I still really want to go and maybe after another nights rest I might feel better, so I will give you a call in the morning. I was getting the tickets out last night so I wouldn't forget them this morning and remembered that I am going to the airport, not the office. So I'll call you when I get in later this afternoon. I thought about FedEx, but don't want to take the chance that they get lost in the Enron building. I hope you travel via 290 to Austin because I think the easiest solution is for me to leave them at my house and you could pick them up on you way out. I also have a couple of EndZone passes with the tickets. I'll get back to you later about the variance. He made an error in the sharing calculation. I have paid at the invoiced price, since it is less. The difference in the price is in the value for Crude Merc. The Sitara was not updated for Aug. 56 difference from what is in Sitara and what the customer invoiced us. Thanks, Genaro Genaro, The Sitara was not updated for Aug. 56 difference from what is in Sitara and what the customer invoiced us.