Please let me know if you have any questions. You guys crack me up. I've been out of town, and just generally swamped, so I haven't looked at alot of email. Keep'em coming, I need the entertainment! I like my player, but there is a substantial premium for it. I think it lists for 900, but can probably be had for 600- 700 range. I'm not trying to talk you out of it, just let you know of the downside. Both models have identical specs, so quality is not an issue. Let me know if you have anymore questions. I have been looking pretty hard at Tahoe's and finally have a firm price to work with. I can get it off the internet for 400 or I can get Scott's for 275. There is one that is designed to match the Wega tv's. It is a single disc and costs about 330 on the internet. I am not exactly sure what the differences between the new 'S' series and the 'C' series are. I don't know if I should get the new one and pay the extra money or just get an older model. I need some help with the development plan. Let me know if I need to change some items. I'm available just about any day over the next few weeks. How about getting together for lunch in the next couple of weeks? If you have any questions about this let me know. There will be twice as many legs and the volumes will need to be adusted at minimum on a monthly basis, and likely a weekly basis. Again, let me know if you need anything. People's Citygate As we all know, our risk managment systems will not handle this kind of a transaction without al ot of manual manipulation. Below are my recommendations for booking this transaction. The trader should periodically adjust this usage pattern as market conditions change. The negative fallout from this expected usage should be applied against the demand charge. As Oneok actually withdraws or injects gas into the virtual storage, we should record the transaction in Sitara and adjust our expected usage deal. We will adjust this financial annuity as losses are incurred. Once the annuity is all used up, we will take all losses as incurred. Any annuity amount left over at completion of the program will be taken as a gain at that time. The enovate physcial book will be flat - in and out at a zero price. Cost of Carry should work in our favor unless they elect to go negative early. Jim will build a model to determine the expected usage and track his related hedges This will be similar to what Lee has, but not as complicated This is not intended to be a comprehensive description of how to book this transaction, only an outline what I believe should be reflected in our books. Please forward any questions or comments to me. Let me know if you don't hear from her today. Contact Hi Darron, This is Kristen Clause. I have been trying to get in touch with Toni Graham all day and have not had any luck. Is there someone else I can contact in Human Resources or should I just wait for her to call me? Thanks, Kristen Clause 409 766-6456 - Work 281 286-7005 - Home How goes it? Monthly Natural Gas P L Request I forwarded this to Carole to take care of Northwest as she was running it Nov and Dec. I also sent off the Mgmt-West P L Jason I asked people in my group to respond to you. Let me know if you don't have anything by tomorrow. Monthly Natural Gas P L Request As part of our monthly testing we review the monthly Natural Gas P L Statement and identify specific regions for which we would like to review additional documentation. Please find below, the regions that we have identified.