Michelle and the kids are coming up in March also. I am looking forward to seeing you and Kristi. Let me know if you guys want to do anything in Denver. You can also go snowmobiling and snowshoeing as well. If you guys need any ski gear or accessories, let me know and I will check here for prices. Plus, you can borrow some of my gear on the days I can't meet up with you. You also need to come out in the summertime. I think my sisters and dad are coming out again for the 4th of July. We went white water rafting last year and Kim loved it. 1 Hi guys, I've come across this deal that needs to be flipped right away. This is causing problems with the February Liquidations as I settled this deal with Aquila, but it isn't coming through the liquidations correctly. Please let me know when this is done so I can let Shannon McPearson know that she needs to re-run the February Liquidations. Little Johnny walked into his dad's bedroom one day and found him sitting on the side of his bed sliding a condom onto his dick. In an attempt to hide his full erection, Johnny's father bent over as if to look under the bed. Johnny replied, "What ya gonna do, fuck him? I noticed Lisa indicated that Linda was getting additional info. Mike Grigsby, who is the head physical trader on the desk asked about Tenaska. We are paying either way, and so it doesn't matter to me. Also, I have never been to Keystone and would like to go. Attached is our new yellow lab that Tracie gave me for my birthday. jpg I can't believe that I said what I did this morning. It was selfish and I sincerely appologize. I don't know what I was thinking or why. Well, I just listened to your message and I deserve all of it. I do love you, but many times cannot justify my actions. I love you very much, and will call you later. It is acutally 15 miles north of Winter Park and 2 miles south of Granby along Hwy 40. We are staying at a condo there from Sunday night 11th thru Thursday night 15th. I indicated we would like to go to Winter Park because we have been there and it is close. We want to ski 2 days in Silver Creek and 2 days somewhere else. I would love to go to an Avs game, but we will probably need to be on the road by late afternoon on Sunday. Once again, we get in on Saturday 10th about 9pm. That's pretty late so we may or may not be able to do anything that night. We will leave on Sunday 11th for Silvercreek and be back in Denver at your place on Friday 16th. Then our plane back to Houston is early Saturday 17th morning. If you can get away during the week to ski, that would be awesome. March Darron, The weather is great here. In March, we receive every type of weather. One day we could get 12 inches of snow, the next day it could be 80! I have a pass to Keystone, Breckenridge, Vail, Beaver Creek, and A-Basin. My pass does not include Winter Park although I have a free lift ticket that I could use and go skiing with you. My pass cost 300 and I get unlimited use I have been 23 times this year-I think I got my money worth! I do not know where Silvercreek is, but I will look. If there is any way to go to Keystone, it would save Tracie and I some money. But, I understand that it is your vacation and if you go to Winter Park, let me know and price is no concern. I have not been to Beaver Creek, but I heard that it was awesome. As far as atmosphere night life , Vail is by far the best. Winter Park does not have much at the ski resort as far as night life that I recall, but I have not been there much. You have to go into town, which is small. Breckenridge is good for the night as well and so is Copper, but Vail is the best I love Vail if you have not noticed! On March 17, the day you leave, we have a wedding. On Friday night, we might have to go to the rehearsal dinner, but I do not know yet. Michelle and the kids are coming up in March also. I am looking forward to seeing you and Kristi. Let me know if you guys want to do anything in Denver. You can also go snowmobiling and snowshoeing as well.