Gary and I are going to have a "get together" before the Holiday Party on Saturday, December 9th. Please let me know if you want to stop by our place before we head out to Enron Field. Anyway, let me know if you are able to come by and I will give you directions to our place. I know this is very late notice, but up until yesterday I didn't think I was going to be free on Saturday. My brother-in-law is hosting a tournament on Saturday at Cypress Lakes, which is just off of Hwy 290 at Cypress Rosehill. I sent this to guys I either know play or think play. If you have someone else in mind, feel free to forward the message. I don't have a team at all and wanted to see if anyone was interested. Kristi Any chance of you knowing the phone number of the place where Kristi gets her nails done? I want to give her gift certificates from there for Christmas. Clark sent me about 24 pictures of your visit. In one, Carley and Erin look like sisters. It was so good to see all of you and especially great to see the kids get together and have so much fun. I really regret that as I was growing up, we really did not see that much of each other and by we, I mean the Kansas group and the Girons. But even given that, I feel as if you all have been part of my life and every time we get together it's like we have always spent alot of time together. So once again, thanks for your hospitality and we look forward to our next get together, wherever and whenever it may be. Could you please change rate on the above Sitara to 4. Thanks for your help, T 3-9852 I asked Keith Holst trader again. There were more buyers than sellers in the West during March, hence the price was stronger. March Curve Validation Darron -- Thanks for your response. We understand that the west traded higher in general during March v. However, we are looking for specific reasons as to why this is so. For example, if the market was more volatile at these locations, then why? What particular market conditions sparked large price changes, etc? Please let me know if you have any questions. The market just traded higher in the West in general during the month of March compared to February. Other Rocky Mountain points were similar. Please call if you have any further questions. March Curve Validation Darron -- Before I send out the memo for March, I have a few questions about 3 curves that were reviewed this month. Attached are Powerpoint slides containg the 10 curves that were validated for March. Thanks for your help, and please let me know if you have any questions. Call me if you have any questions. Tomorrow is the first day of bidweek and I also have some other meetings to attend. I think we need to skip this week and pick up next Tuesday. Barry's family had already planned a family vacation there and I think Sean and Kim convinced them that this would be a good time for all 9 of you to try to get together. Barry already has reservations at two condos there so will xerox Erva's letter. I am willing to foot the bill for the condos. It seems everyone is out of town that weekend. The higher the number of dependents, the less is withheld. Married and jointly will also have less withheld than married and seperately. There is really no right or wrong answer, only opinion. If you want more withheld each pay period so that there is less of a chance of actually owing on April 15th, then claim fewer dependents and married and seperately. If you don't want the government to get your interest free, but are aware that you may owe later on April 15th , then claim a higher number of dependents and married and jointly.