has the power and authority to execute, deliver and carry out the terms and provisions of this Guaranty, ii no authorization, approval, consent or order of, or registration or filing with, any court or other governmental body having jurisdiction over Guarantor is required on the part of Guarantor for the execution and delivery of this Guaranty and iii assuming due authorization, execution and delivery hereof by Contract Party, this Guaranty constitutes a legal, valid and binding agree-ment of Guarantor enforceable in accordance with its terms, except as the enforceability thereof may be limited by the effect of any applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or similar laws affecting creditors' rights generally and by general principles of equity. At the written request of Contract Party, Guarantor shall provide Contract Party with the financial information described in Appendix "1" of the Gas Contract under Financial Information in accordance therewith. Notice given by personal delivery or mail shall be effective upon actual receipt. Notice given by facsimile shall be effective upon actual receipt if received during recipient's normal business hours or at the beginning of recipient's next business day after receipt if not received during recipient's normal business hours. Any party may change its address to which notice is to be given hereunder by providing notice of same in accordance with this Section 7. The Transaction Procedures set forth in the Gas Contract are acknowledged and agreed to by Guarantor and Guarantor agrees not to contest the validity or enforceability of any Transaction entered into in accordance with the Transaction Procedures under applicable law relating to whether certain agreements are to be in writing or signed by the Party to be thereby bound. No term or provision of this Guaranty shall be amended, modified, altered, waived, supple-mented or terminated except in a writing signed by the parties hereto. All capitalized terms used in this Guaranty and not herein defined shall have the meanings attributed to them in the Gas Contract. This Guaranty shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of and be enforceable by the respective successors and assigns of Guarantor and Contract Party. This Guaranty embodies the entire agreement and under-standing between Guarantor and Contract Party and supersedes all prior agreements and understandings relating to the subject matter hereof. The headings in this Guaranty are for purposes of reference only, and shall not affect the meaning hereof. This Guaranty may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of which shall be an original, but all of which together shall con-stitute one document. The parties hereto have caused this Guaranty to be executed as of the day and year first above written. Ellen I am sending you confirms for these customers. Yes, I have Monday off. I am waiting to see what happens on the baseball tickets. Debra Perlingiere Enron North America Corp. 's guaranty has not been included as I await signature from the corporate office. Upon receipt of same, I will send an original for your records. Please do not hesitate to give me a call if you have any questions or I can be of further assistance. I will prepare the draft as soon as I receive the worksheet. Please feel free to give me a call with any questions. Also, I will be the person who negotiates and drafts both agreements should you decide to go forward. Here is the TransAlta draft. I believe gty's are in already in place. Please send me a worksheet for these to entities. 