This Agreement is entered into with the understanding i that Buyer's takes of Gas hereunder are subject to the availability of interruptible services from Transporter and ii that Buyer plans to resell the Gas production from the Receipt Points to other purchasers If Buyer elects not to purchase Gas from Seller for 30 consecutive Days, Seller may terminate this Agreement up on 10 Days written notice. Seller agrees to do all things necessary and reasonable to assist Buyer in obtaining the approvals for and/or implementi ng any resale mechanisms chosen from time to time by Buyer. It was until they deleted that portion of 9. I left a message for Greg to call me regarding this issue which we should be able to resolve.  Please look at the confirm and let me know if it is ok. I spoke with Mr. Hall and we are good to go. Company to purchase and receive Buyer and Customer to sell and deliver Seller. The Contract Price shall be the Daily Midpoint price published on each calendar day during the period of delivery under the heading "Daily Price Survey" in the Appalachia - Columbia, App section of Gas Daily, Less. Any objection of Customer to this Confirmation must be made by written notice to Company prior to the Confirm Deadline. Each party shall not disclose the terms of this transaction to a third party other than the party's and its affiliates' employees, lenders, counsel, accountants or prospective purchasers of any rights under any Transactions who have agreed to keep such terms confidential except in order to comply with any applicable law, order, regulation or exchange rule provided, each party shall notify the other party of any proceeding of which it is aware which may result in disclosure and use reasonable efforts to prevent or lim it the disclosure. The provisions of the Agreement other than the terms of th is transaction are not subject to this confidentiality obligation. The partie s shall be entitled to all remedies available at law or in equity to enforce, or seek relief in connection with, this confidentiality obligation provide d, all monetary damages shall be limited to actual direct damages. At the request of Kim Ward, I am forwarding to you for review the attached draft of a Master Firm Purchase/Sale Agreement. Please do not hesitate to give me a call with any questions you may have regarding the enclosed. I need the name of the company? I can do the confirm but I need the terms, volumes, delivery points, dates etc. The agreement was finalized and returned to Kathy on April 27th. Please let me know if you are unable to located the agreement. Mr. Hall: Attached is a revised Gas Purchase Agreement and Confirm for your review. I have completed the confirm, and revised Sections 3. If you are in agreement with this version of the contract, please print two originals sign the contract and confirm, return both to my attention at the location below. I will send an original for your records upon final execution. Please fax the confirm to my attention at the number listed below upon after signing. Should you have any additional comments and or questions, please give me a call. At the request of Kim Ward, I am forwarding to you for review the attached draft of a Master Firm Purchase/Sale Agreement. Please do not hesitate to give me a call with any questions you may have regarding the enclosed. How are your dogs? You should be aware there is a nasty virus going around which both of mine have had concerning each end. I have a fetish "Horse" necklace made by a member of the Quandelacy family which unfortunately has a broken pipestone horse. Can you suggest how I might have same repaired. Upon your review please do not hesitate to contact me with any questions you may have regarding this matter.