We've reviewed your memo which sets forth general points of your negotiations with Siemens. Risk of Loss remains with owner during commissioning on gas. We understand that the Facility is under the care, custody and control of the Owner and that the Facility is currently operating under the insurance coverage intended for the commercial operating period versus the construction period. Please confirm that there is no reason to be concerned about insurance coverage if a problem arises resulting in material damage attributable to Contractor action during commissioning on gas. We are also advising the Lenders to have this point reviewed by an insurance advisor. Degradation - agree to use curves with credit to owner for degradation during commissioning During our last conference call it was indicated that the first choice was to test to determine degradation and the alternative was to agree on a set of curves. It appears that Siemens was unwilling to agree to the test approach. We observe that the curves used to determine owner credit may be biased to the benefit of Siemens. We trust that your operations experts will diligently review the basis for the curves. We do not understand the above negotiated point. Please confirm that our understanding is correct or clarify your negotiated point. We assume that this negotiated point is related to the time period factored into the availability calculation for purposes of determining whether or not an extension or additional work by the Contractor has been triggered as a result of dropping below the availability standards. As we noted during our last conference call, we are concerned that Siemens believes that the availability value is not reduced if maintenance work is being performed during periods when the Facility is not being dispatched. 12 month Initial Guarantee Period, with the clock suspended for gas commissioning unless owner delay. We interpret the above negotiated point to mean that the 12-month clock for the initial guarantee period stops during commissioning regardless of how long it takes the Contractor to commission on gas unless delays are attributable to Owner and re-starts after Contractor has successfully completed the performance testing on gas. Please confirm that our understanding is correct. In order to provide the lenders an adequate warranty period on gas if there are additional delays on the P/L our Insurance group has indicated that we will have no problem obtaining 12 months renewable business interruption insurance when we go operational on gas. Stone Webster is advising the Lenders to have an insurance advisor review this point. Bradley Thanks, I'll pull it together and let you know what time. Just spoke with Brad he's in Seattle sans computer. He said 11 or noon cst on Friday would be best, but he could manage any time Friday if necessary. Next week is open any time if we had to push it back. Let me know I'll get the message to Brad. Please note that all of the communications below are priveleged and confidential attorney client communciations. What do you think the possible liabilities are from the Toxic Waste created below. Maybe the attorneys need to conduct a seminar. Also, do we really want the Banks to say it is not fruitful to proceed with the consent?