I'll touch base with the appropriate folks. He has had some conversations with Robert Novak and others at Enron and undertands that payment has been approved but for some reason not yet made. I would appreciate if you could look into this to see what the status is. Mike understands that we are in a holding pattern on the permanent financing until the changes in the project are completed. We also need to decide if we need to revisit this with both Shell and the Lenders. It can be done by phone but in person would be better. I would like to make sure that our documentation is clean before we start. The specs have a lot of discrepencies with the drawings, the Bordeaux, and our contract. Also, I am not sure that we each have a drawing of the electrical which matches and conforms to the lists we are working on with Bill. I would also like to see whatever supplement we are going to sign to the contract so we can make sure that there are no misunderstandings on what is included. I think we have everything worked out but there are a lot of players and we all need to be on the same page. I can make time to finish all of this just let me know what your schedule is and Bill's, Joe's etc if they are needed. today Wednesday for the finalizing of the issues on your home. You and I will meet at my Homewood office at 9 Exbury Way. 610 west to Woodway exit-west on Woodway-first light is Post Oak Lane-left south stay in right lane-turn into Homewood development guard building at front of brick wall entrance-take first street on left-my office is at the end of this street house has detached garage-brick and stucco front elevation. Call me if you have troubles finding me. Specs I think this will take about 1-2 hours. but I can probably provide a Startled for you at about 1800. I'll fax you a copy of the letter as soon as we receive it. Could you then sell our Love Life Money Suite. Is this done on consignment or how do you operate. We may also have some other artists to discuss because we are building a new home and we will have less wall space in some cases and different needs in others. Donna Rose President, Art Brokerage Inc. Monday-Saturday Fax 24 hours Sunday. I guess you got tied up on some real work. The London job sounds great and sometimes the best things happen to us unexpectedly. Bank call today Rob- I was not on the bank call this morning. Please let me know if any new deliverables popped out on today's call with the banks. I need to take a day off if you do not mind Tomorrow, Friday Feb 9 to look after my son who will be out of school. Dee will be traveling with Chelsea to a dance competition. Letters went today to BritishGas and Petrobras for them to quote us 6-month gas with our option to extend for another 6 months. We have given them until March 2nd to respond.