Enron as the financial advisor to the Cuiaba project. They need to either cease all work on the Petrobras transaction or terminate their work and rights to a fee for Cuiaba. Let me know what you think or if you need any more info. I think I will enjoy it immensely in retirement. Merry Christmas and best of luck to you in the new year and the new job. Hope you have a good one and all is going well. Tell Terry that Mom and Laurie loved the trunks. I was quite happy with the A M cardholder as well so let Jason and Erin know for me. Too bad the Aggie lost that wild one in Shreveport could you believe that snow. Conrats again on your appointment to the board of the KofC. Hi Jamie, Tried to call you today to keep in touch but the phone just rang. I have announced that I am leaving Enron at the end of February when my contract runs out. With them getting out of international infrastructure it is time to move on. I am going to retire for a while and see how the life of leisure suits me. Give me a call when you have a minute. Hi guys, To keep you au fait with my latest adventures, I decided to leave Dresdner Kleinwort Benson as a result of I what I perceived to be increasing uncertainty on the investment bank's future in the context of its' failed merger s. So I have now joined Credit Agricole Indosuez's project finance group here in London. I would be happy to help. Last time when I talked to Blanca after the latest reorg, she said that it hadn't been announced how Southern Cone was going to be. After nearly 3 years with Enron, I plan to go back to B school. You have been my supervisor for one year. Although that was my first year with Enron, that assignment was quite important to me. I've learned a lot through that year and later I realize more and more the creativeness and greatness of the Debt Fund. The year with Debt Fund was an important phase of my professional history. May I ask you to be one of my evaluators? As you know, the competition for B school is always hard. A strong recommendation from you, a person in senior management will be crucial for my application. I'm sorry to give you such a short time. With the other two, I plan to finish them by the end of January or early Feburary. I appreciate it very much if you could spare me some time. Thank you in advance for your generous help. Inventories except spare parts 38 of the total inventories. So, we should take out, fuel 55 of the total inventories , and other items that are around 7 of the total inventories. Jose, I think the supplemental info you have provided is outstanding and helpful to the lenders in understanding the overall picture and the history. However, its focus is not the central concern of the lenders at this point as I understand it. The lenders and their counsel are concerned specifically about third party liability meaning, I believe, lawsuits or claims from parties who did not receive power because Cuiaba failed to generate. Could any consequential damages be assessed? Could the process be expedited to avert a liquidity crisis? Could Furnas deny or delay reimbursement if the amount is not recoverable by them or while they are awaiting word on a claims recoverability? A question for insurance - Does our Business Interuption insurance protect us in any of these instances? If you have other questions which you think need to be addressed please continue Dan I just re-read this memo. I can respond for Cuiaba but I need to enlist Eduardo, Brian Peter to obtain status and issues on their projects. I will forwrd a recent summary of issues on Cuiaba.