Obviously, we have a lot of business procedures that have to be established, and there is time in the work plan to do that work, but a lot of those decisions drive how the application is configured so we need to get the product purchased work through the details of how we implement the new business procedures since the system does drive a lot of processes. Regarding costs, we have an approved work order for 650,000 which covers all the initial hardware, software, implementation costs and first year maintenance. This cost does represent a very limited implementation with only 10 concurrent users, no customization except a few reports, and no electronic interfaces or data conversion. The assumption is that initially the volume would be so low that an automated interface may not be cost justified, and the data would manually be loaded since it was low volume as well. Let me know if you have any other questions or there are open issues that we need to address prior to completing the contract. We are hoping to get this signed and the project underway next week. On the other deal, they are back to total capital expenditures and not just expansion dollars. I will need you to resurrect your language on the gas for Mitch tomorrow. That was the discussion late last night. Holiday lunch is confirmed A reminder of our lunch tomorrow, December 12th at America's. America's is located on 1800 Post Oak Blvd. Please call me if you have any questions at x33597. I nee to go to stans office apologize to steve dowd for me. What do you think we should focus on for the crew? Attached is a data sheet that I would like to keep up as things change. Do you have or bob copies of nng's debt agreements, current? I think there are 3 deals. Not currently under consideration, in fact would be a problem .Tracy and jim are trying to track down 6 more copies. We are in 49c1. Would you 2 think about those who helped us so we can attempt to get some award to those who really helped us out here. I had specifically taken this deal to Jeff for approval, and he had decided to not go forward at that point in time. I would like to get a review with Stan and Jeff to decide. We plan on reviewing with Stan on monday. Previously he had left it up to Jeff who had said no to. Through this account cash flows to corp. Not actually, but realistically from business unrelated to the pipes. 5B or the bank loans since they will simply increase the size of the notes. They are specifically concerned about the current intercompany notes. Can you help explain how the data in the attached file matches the detailed budgets and current estimates you have provided to me? It may simply, I just haven't had time to look. Can you help me match the information in this email to your operating plan or cash flow analysis? Do you have the volume and rate information on Northern Natural that will tie to Rod's forecast as well? I need to send this to Jeff and Ray and get it back agreed to before we can actually fund otherwise I am not comfortable with the agreement and the reps we are making.