hinking they hunted in May he is going to check and had as much shooting and then some as he needed. Again he is going to verify and get some phone numbers but you want to stay close to where you are hunting not like Mexico and there are some very nice places - he is thinking he stayed at the Gauge Four Seasons. I will get back to you with more details as I have them. Are you up for a hunting trip of a lifetime? Pawpaw and I met with an outfitter last week to discuss details of a dove hunting trip in Argentina. In a nutshell, the trip includes six 6 shoots i. half day hunts near the town of Cordoba, Argentina. As Jody can attest, there is no limit and you can shoot 400 to 1000 birds per day depending on how mad you are at them! I have estimated the total cost of the trip at 5,000. 3 nights 4 days 6 shoots 2,295 at Presidential Estancia Roundtrip airfare Houston-Miami-Buenos Aires-Cordoba 1,000 could be as low as 800 Shells 9. 75 kill average Gun permits, bird boys, entertainment in Buenos Aires, etc. 705 We need at least 4 to book a separate trip. Argentina's seasons are opposite from ours and the best time to go is August - October. A smaller group will be booked to go with an other group. I know all of you boys got huge 2000 bonuses. Let me know if you are interested in going with us so we can start looking at dates. If you have any questions call Pawpaw or myself. power trading back office costs Scott, I'm working with some guys that are trying to build out some software to improve back office efficiencies. do you have any good reference points for back office costs in power trading on a /Mwhr basis? I figure it is bit busy at the moment and will call you this afternoon to follow up. I am glad to hear from you. Yes, Sao Paulo is muy grande con muchos macacos. I have not be playing much golf, too cold and rainy here so far this winter, but spring is near. Sao Paulo Hey, just wanted to say hi to you. Not many places to play golf here, but I will have to look better. Things are difficult in the region - I believe you are aware of it - but as usual, we are trying hard. Trip to Houston Thank you so much for your time last week. David and I found the time especially valuable. We have spotted several issues helpful for our own market. This should certainly help in the growth of our markets here in Europe. We trust it won't be too long before we see similarly impressive results from our side of the pond. Best regards Andy no problem Enron North America Corp. Transportation Reports Do you have any issue with my asking Greg Couch to send Stephanie Miller a report once a month that shows all physical capacity in the transport books--i. Please let me know-- Let's try to visit on Thursday or Friday in the afternoon. Opportunity I was talking to Frank Vickers and he mentioned that you might want to talk about an opportunity on the trading side of the East group. I just wanted to drop a note to let you know that I will be out of the office from Monday, Feb. However, I am eager to discuss any opportunities in trading. Leave me a voice mail or just catch me at anytime on Thursday. Colton and I will be there some time during the day on Saturday and will spend the night. Brother Butcher and I are still in need of a final list of who's in and who's out for next weekend's Indian Guides camp-out at Brazos Bend state park. Given the proximity of the park to our neighborhood less than 1 hr away , most everyone like me! To refresh your memories, the itinerary for the weekend is get to the park Friday after school and set up before dark. For those who need to go down there later Sat morning or afternoon the location of our campsite will be at the entrance to the park. Once we get there, the activities are bicycle riding, touch football, fishing bring your own gear and boys playing grab-ass in general. For food purposes, we need to know an accurate headcount for Saturday night and Sunday morning. If you need help getting your bikes to the park, get with Butch, he's looking into getting a trailer or something. We can settle-up on food, campsite rentals, lottery tickets,. Maps for those who need them will be provided next week. Oh yes, this is real camping, as in tents, sleeping bags, flashlights,lanterns, etc. Please feel free to bring snacks and drinks. Of course, this is all subject to weather cooperating.