I also need to know from some of you your availability for Sat. 9am practices, and Baseball Fest March 24th. If you've already responded, no need to again. Jeff Jeanie, Who do I have that is outsanding? Performance Reviews Please submit all signed performance reviews to me by Friday, March 16th. If you are unclear as to which reviews are still outstanding, please send me an email so that I may provide you with a list. I appreciate your cooperation in closing out the year end process. Texas Gamma Alumni Dear Alumni, This is the first of many emails that will hopefully bring together the actives and Alumni. This directory list was created to benefit Alumni with knowledge of semester activities. Please respond to this if there needs to be a correction in email address or otherwise. Both have expressed their strong desire to have their first rotation in Trading and I think they would do a great job for us. If you concur, please make a note to place them in Trading for their first rotation. I have attached both resumes for your reference. doc Also, send me a copy of your resume. I sent you an email a few weeks ago, but perhaps you didn't receive it. I just wanted to drop you a line and let you know how I'm doing. My last semester is shaping up to be pretty tough. What's also great about the class is that our professor constantly uses Enron as an example of how this stuff works in the real world. One of my other classes, Economic Forecasting, is challenging as well, because I'm dealing with a software package, Eviews, for the first time. Enough about the academics, though I'm working hard and that's what I need to be doing. I've also started reading Reminiscences, and I find myself highlighting lines on every page! I figured I'd start with the less technical books first, considering my workload. I'm going to be in Houston looking for apartments this weekend, 3/9 - 3/11 with my roommate, Ed Brady, who will also be at Enron in July. Let me know how your schedule looks, and maybe we can get together. Hopefully my getting into your fundamentals group or the new trading rotation that you spoke of is still a high probability. As I'm learning more about options and futures in class, you're definitely right--I think trading is where I want to be! Thanks again and I hope to hear from you soon. I glad you are taking the options course - it will really benefit you. Also, Andrea Richards is the person I contacted with the Associate program to request that your first rotation be in the Trading group - so we should be in good shape on that front. Thanks for the email, I look forward to seeing you this summer. I sent you an email a few weeks ago, but perhaps you didn't receive it. I just wanted to drop you a line and let you know how I'm doing. My last semester is shaping up to be pretty tough. What's also great about the class is that our professor constantly uses Enron as an example of how this stuff works in the real world. One of my other classes, Economic Forecasting, is challenging as well, because I'm dealing with a software package, Eviews, for the first time. Enough about the academics, though I'm working hard and that's what I need to be doing. I've also started reading Reminiscences, and I find myself highlighting lines on every page! I figured I'd start with the less technical books first, considering my workload. I'm going to be in Houston looking for apartments this weekend, 3/9 - 3/11 with my roommate, Ed Brady, who will also be at Enron in July. Let me know how your schedule looks, and maybe we can get together. Hopefully my getting into your fundamentals group or the new trading rotation that you spoke of is still a high probability. As I'm learning more about options and futures in class, you're definitely right--I think trading is where I want to be! Thanks again and I hope to hear from you soon. Kevin Geynille, I am out of the office this entire week on vacation, so I will be unable to participate.