Internship Scott- Hey there, this is Chris Graeter. I wanted to check with you to see about getting in touch with the person in charge of internships. I am sure he or she is busy, but in the mean time I was not sure if you or the person who would be contacting me had my email address. I know that sometimes it is easier to get in touch with someone by email so I wanted to make sure you had this information. Thank you again for all your assistance. Sincerely, Chris Graeter We will get working on this. We are scheduled to have this meeting on Nov. 29, however I think there is some chance this date might change due to bid week activities. stuff Scott, great to see you last week even if it was only for a short period. I will be back in Houston early next week for the announcement. I suggest that you and I plan to meet with the group either immediately after the announcement or perhaps after trading the following day. I tend to think that the next day may be better. Delainey continues to say that he wants to make sure that everyone is covered and nothing falls through the cracks. From the master list we can determine our current level of business and relationship with that particular market, high, medium, low. From Master list we can determine 2001 assignments. This is fundamental but important in my opinion. I will not add anything but it will give me a sense of how they are doing and what to expect as we move forward. I did not get the metrics from Janet yet but am scheduled to do that when I am in next week. I have prepared a recommendation letter as you have requested. Please advise as to when to send, etc. I am available to visit on the phone any time after 2: However, I will be out of the office on Thursday and Friday Nov. India is still going strong with additional involvement in commodity trading electricity, fuels. etc. Please advice of the best time to phone you this week to seek your help in reference to compiling letters of recommendation for the Green Card application. The application, supported by Enron, will be under the "Alien of Extraordinary Ability" Category. I am sure that your recommendation will go a very long way and I am hopeful that you will agree to help. I am enclosing the email I received from the lawyer and the sample letter suggested. Needless to say, and regardless of outcome, I really appreciate your help and advice. Sample letter of resommendation Tindall Foster, P. Pursuant to your seeking Permanent residency through the Alien of Extraordinary Ability Category, please find attached a sample letter of recommendation. Please forward this document to those you wish to write your letters of recommendation for your application. The more recommendations you can get, the better. Please ask them to place the letter on their letterhead and to make any adjustment they so wish to make, returning to you. Once you receive these letters of recommendation, please forward them to us to be included in your packet. Should you have any further inquiries, please do not hesitate to contact me Sincerely yours, Sample letter of recommendation. Just a thought - but we will still be finishing up bid week on Nov. Any ideas about the first week in December. December 4 Commercial Support You will receive specific information regarding times and locations soon. If you would like additional members of your staff to attend the meeting to provide feedback, please submit their names to me by November 10. A formal Gas pre-ranking meeting is not scheduled. com You have received this email because you are listed as a security approver.