5 billion contract to buy and manage the energy for Simon's 253 real-estate properties. Enron guarantees eight to 13 percent, but sometimes the savings can be even greater. Enron is on target to land 16 billion in customer contracts in 2000, double last year's total. Their tone borders on excessive confidence, but their track record warrants that. The Competition Some of Enron's trading partners are also its biggest rivals in reshaping t he deregulated energy markets and forging ahead in telecommunications. A consortium of six energy companies, including Aquila Energy, a leading power marketer, just launched an online energy-trading system to rival EnronOnline. They don't actually deliver the product, which Enron feels gives it an advantage. In the energy-services business, Enron competes with a whole host of players, including consultants, regiona l utilities and energy outsourcers, but none have Enron's geographic scope. "It's a challenge to value Enron's stock, because it's such a hybrid. It always seems expensive, but it continues to outperform expectations. What It's Worth Analysts and Enron management alike prefer to break down the company along its four reported business lines using a sum-of-the-parts model. Using those metrics and a recent stock price of 80, Enron's pipeline transportation and distribution business is roughly valued at 5, wholesale energy at 40, energy services at and broadband services at 15. Combine that with similar expected growth rates in both energy services and broadband, not to mention the potential for new commodity-trading markets, and, Skilling argues, Enron's stock is easily worth 130. Most agree that wholesale energy deserves a higher premium than the market is currently willing to pay, but bandwidth i s still a couple of years away from profitability. In the meantime, Salomon Smith Barney analyst Ray Niles suggests that investors focus on the market potential of bandwidth trading, and that the quick acceptance of this product in the market could mirror the steady early growth of electricity trading in the mid-1990s. Niles thinks Enron's overall energy operations alone are worth more than Enron's current share price. Ultimately, many investors will look at plain old earnings per share. If Enron meets analysts' consensus earnings forecast of 1. Social Responsibility Enron has won awards each of the past three years for its efforts to reduce methane emissions and has been applauded for its wind-power division. But certain Enron projects, such as the construction of its Dabhol power plant in India, have been mired in controversy. The state police there squelched protests against the plant in 1996 and 1997 with beatings and jailings, and Human Rights Watch asserted that Enron was complicit because it benefited from th e suppression of dissent and didn't speak out against human rights violations. Enron has since built a 50-bed hospital in the area and committed 500,000 to improve the community's water and sanitation infrastructures. The Upside With less than half of the residential power market in the U. Some analysts belie ve the entire market will be deregulated within five years. This would enable Enron to expand its leading energy-trading business. Enron's attempt to sell residential electricity in Californi a ended in failure in 1998, and the company readily admits this isn't one of its strengths. The Downside The much-ballyhooed broadband revolution has failed to meet expectations. households have broadband access, and Forrester Research analyst Maribel Dolinov says the rollout of so-called last-mile connections, which take broadband signals into homes, is moving very slowly. She doesn't expect wide-scale availability of video-on-demand befor e 2004. Enron's mix of the old and new economies should appeal to all but the most conservative investors. Its energy trading and pipeline businesses give it a stable source of cash flow, while its new Internet-based ventures give it t he great growth potential of a tech stock. He's painting the Fed as behind the times and inept at managing monetary policy in this New Economy.