I'm sure that it is due to our analysis and advice. As for deer hunting, it's been really exciting as we've been seeing lots of young and middle aged bucks and a bumper crop of fawns for the first time in my memory of over 15 years of hunting there. I have not taken anythin but our hunters have gotten a 9, 10 and 11 point. 5 yeears old but I may let Weldon shoot him as he has not gotten a deer there in 6 years of hunting. I'm still open to you going there to take pictures. It may be hard to schedule but I really would not mind if you wanted to go down there and tkae some pics on your own. I've got one blind at which the feeders are close and the deer move nearly all day. You could drive down for the day and easily snap some good photos from sunup to sundown or from noon to sundown, whatever. He's 4 now and will start pre-school next year. We may have another one on the way but we're not sure yet. Enron is great and everything I hoped for really. I will be rotating as scheduled to a new role in Feb/Mar. If there is any extra leftover and you need the cash, you might as well take it too but that's up to you. Enron is up a bunch again today so you should do well selling today. Hi Charlie, I got your pictures - thank you - they were neat and I am looking forward to the rest of them. I am anxious to hear about your trip but I know that you are probably still trying to recuperate from your trip so call me when you feel rested. When I call to sell my Merck and 5 shares of Enron will they send me a check? Once again I want to thank you for watching out for me and my family with these investments - I know it is time consuming but very much appreciated. Love, Margaret I am writing to inform you that the deadline for your offer of employment from Enron has been extended until January 2, 2001. More information will follow between now and then. Thank You, Charlie Weldon Dr. Wilkens, Thank you for your time and advice. I would appreciate if you would be able to provide me with contact information for Dr. Jim Jones at the University of Florida as well as Dr. Joe Ritchie, per your offer to do so. I enjoyed talking with you about our potential software needs. It sounds like you may have something to offer in which we are interested, and we are looking forward to a visit from you or one of your representatives in early January. I may need some help decoding the info so we can get exact durations for warnings. However, I think we should wait until we get a genuine expression of interest from a counterparty before we spend any more time on this. It's definitely good that we have this data though should we need it. Pre-1963 is probably not necessary at this time. The software has arrived. I've been gone for the last 4 working days. It has been very rewarding working here. You are truly a valuable asset to this company and I appreciate all your help and efficiency. Charlie Just a note to say Goodbye and wish you well. It's a bit different than most I watched the whole game and was extremely impressed with Benson. He definitely got good blocking but he showed power, speed, balance, vision. I believe only an injury will prevent him from having massive success. His interview after the game showed me that he's pretty mature also. I'll take over 800 yds next year if you take under. He sounded reasonably intelligent but nothing to get too excited about. I'll be shocked if he gets redshirted regardless of how good Hayter is. Slocum has got to close the deal on a few more of these top recruits or we are doomed. 2 of the top 3 linemen are still available and we've got a reasonable shot at them but Hightower 1 still says he's going to visit and consider Texas. I'd like to catch up with you today if possible regarding recruiting etc. Can I reach you by phone. My extension is X57229 or you can use the voice activated system. Just a reminder concerning follow-up with The Weather Channel and Energizer Holdings regarding potential hurricane derivatives. Additionally, I found the following link which describes Ray-O-Vac's recent earnings warning. Among other things, they mention that they had tough comparisons due to an active storm season the year before. I believe they are referencing hurricanes and represent another potential opportunity in my opinion. html One more thing, as I mentioned in our conversation, I believe that The Weather Channel is an ideal candidate for approaching concerning hedging against a lack of extreme weather of all kinds. They may be a hard sell but they are as purely exposed as anyone and should be worth the effort, especially after the recent story they did on us.