Take Michae l Moulton, 30, who is working in Enron's pulp-and-paper trading unit. Wholesale Energy Despite its broad range of businesses and expansive aspirations, Enron is still at its core an energy company. During the first nine months of this year, nearly 56 billion of its 60 billion in revenue came from its wholesale energy operation, which centers around making markets in and creating risk-management products for natural gas and electricity. Some of what Enron sells comes fr om its own gas production and electric-power generation, but the bulk of it is bought from other energy producers with excess capacity. The company's trading capacity has gotten a tremendous boost from EnronOnline, which now handles about 60 percent of its transaction volume. But Enron isn't doing trades just to make money it does them to create liquid spot markets that in turn enable it to package together risk-management products, such as futures and swap contracts, that companies can use to hedge their energy costs. Enron is a principal in every trade, taking full responsibility for actual delivery of the product, be it gas, electricity, or even pulp and paper. Overall margins in the wholesale energy business average one to three percent. Trading is a risky business, of course, but few companies manage risk better than Enron, which has armies of people working to stay on top of sudden price moves. "Enron seems to make all the right calls because it has the best modeling systems, hires the brightest people, and has trading experience throughout the country," says Gregory Phelps, a portfolio manager at John Hancock Fund s who closely follows the utilities sector. Enron employs a dozen meteorologists on its gas-trading floor to monitor any weather changes 01 from an oncomi ng cold snap in Chicago to a potential hurricane in the Gulf of Mexico 01 th at could affect supply and demand. Now Enron has turned its sights on Europe, which is in the early stages of deregulation. , Germany and Scandinavia in the early to mid-1990s. It currently has 18 offices in 16 countries, making markets and hedging risks in a region where state-owned utilities still loom large and national differences present formidable hurdles.  Broadband Operations The roots of Enron's bandwidth trading go back to 1997, when the company bought Portland General Electric to gain a foothold in the West Coast energ y market. At the time, the utility was laying fiber-optic cable alongside it s gas pipeline that ran between Portland and Salt Lake City, and as it was being deployed, "the Enron mind-set of 'Can we trade this stuff? "Bandwidth lends itself well to bein g traded like a commodity. As it does with energy, Enron bundles together bandwidth, then sells and delivers it on an as-needed basis to content providers, network carriers, and other end-users. Enron promises to deliver capacity at a set time and for a specified period over a fiber-optic network that stretches nearly 15,000 miles and connects some 30 major cities in the United States, Europe,and Japan. It wants to change the way bandwidth is sold, which up until now has been in fixed-rate monthly contracts that lock buyer s into paying for capacity they don't always need. Both Lay and Skilling think bandwidth trading will contribute 1 billion in annual operating profits in five years, or nearly as much as wholesale ener gy contributed in 1999. The other major piece of Enron's broadband strategy centers on delivering streaming video. Other Growth Drivers Some people may have questioned Enron's decision to plunk down 100 million for the 30-year naming rights to Enron Field, the Houston Astros' new retractable-dome baseball stadium. But the deal also helped Enron seal a 30-year, 200 million agreement to outsource the energy management of the stadium. So Enron not only boosted its corporate profile but also made 100 million in the process. Energy outsourcing is a potentially immense market, considering that U. Enter Enron Energy Services, which does everything from analyzing a company's energy supply chain to pinpointing its energy-guzzling equipment to financing the cost of buying more-efficient gear.