Additionally, I added some other stations that had what might be some useful data even though they were not the exact station requested. To firm up whether or not these surrogate stations are valid, I need a very detailed map of the region. I assume whoever needs this info has one. Anyway, take a look and let me know what you think. It may not be perfect but I'm afraid that we will have a pretty tough time getting better data from any other source. Rivers/Streams Charlie, Below is the list of Rivers/Streams. I am looking for inflow information on each from 1930 to present. Note their performance yesterday in light of apparently good news. To Skilling, its haughty vastness is a vestige of the old mind-set from the days when energy markets were highly regulated. Instead, he prefers strolling through Enron's three commodity-trading floors 01 the company's nerve centers, where it buys an d sells products ranging from natural gas to electricity to communications bandwidth. The often casually dressed Skilling is clearly in his element talking with the traders. Skilling doesn't think like an old-line energy executive, nor does Enron act like an old-line energy company. With its eclectic product mix and strong online presence, Enron has become a leader of a new breed of energy company tryin g to capitalize on deregulation. A dearth of new power supplies, combined with insatiable demand, has jacked up gas and electric prices and put the squeeze on suppliers and their customers. New Economy Initiatives The company, which 10 years ago earned some 80 percent of its profits from its regulated gas-pipeline business, has become the nation's largest buyer and seller of natural gas and electric power and has pioneered a powerful trading platform to make effective markets in both commodities. But what ha s really electrified Wall Street during the past year are Enron's new-economy initiatives. First, it launched EnronOnline, an Internet-based energy-trading system, in November 1999. By mid-October 2000, the new venture had executed more than 350,000 transactions with a gross value totaling 183 billion. Next it unveiled its strategy to become a dominant broadband player by both delivering content along its own sizable fiber-optic network and trading bandwidth as a commodity. The nascent broadband services group had 345 million in revenue for the first nine months of this year. Although energy remains Enron's main source of revenue and earnings, management believes the growth of the Internet will enable the company to tap into new markets. The big question, of course, is how much of that euphoria is already built into Enron's stock price and what happens if the company's broadband strategy doesn't unfold as quickly 01 or become as huge 01 as the company anticipates. "We are a unique company with a unique set of skills that are perfectly suited for the changing economy. From management down, employees have little doubt that they're creating revolutionary new businesses. This strong sense of purpose is evident everywhere at Enron's headquarters, where throughout the day workers eagerly stop by a ticker-tape kiosk in the main lobby to check on Enron's stock price. The two pipeline companies had joined forces to compete better as the wholesale natural gas market was being deregulated. In the past, government authorities set the price that utiliti es could charge for gas, and customers were bound by rigid, long-term contract s. But with deregulation, the market determines energy prices, and both suppliers and consumers have more flexibility in how they buy and deliver goods. The new Enron moved swiftly to cash in on these changing dynamics by creating a trading platform to bring together buyers and sellers. Enron repeated the process with electricity when the government began deregulating that market in the 1990s. "Jeff is one of the brightest and most creative people I've ever known," sa ys Lay, who began working with him in the mid-1980s when Skilling was a McKinsey consultant helping Enron develop its gas-trading system. The 46-year-old Skilling, who officially joined Enron in 1990, likes to toss around words like awesome and cool when describing the company's business.