Can I get the agreement to make her a copy? Cook has asked me to try to locate the documentation for the two prepays. Would you prefer I overnight them and, if so, where should I send them? Cook asked me to contact you regarding locating documents in connection with a couple of prepays. Also, they are looking for documentation in connection with the Corp. Do you happen to have copies of these documents or do you know the project name in case they were prepared here? Attached is the current list of master netting counterparties. and Western Resources I don't have specific entities for Western yet. Please let me know if you have any questions or need anything else. I am attaching the list of master netting agreement counterparties. Please let me know if you have any questions or need anything else. We have a scheduling conflict with our conference rooms. I just want to personally thank all of you for all of your hard work the past few weeks in addressing our counterparties' requests for Master Netting Agreements. We have been able to sign up a number of them as a result of your efforts and have managed to keep certain counterparties from cutting us off in trading. Thanks again for your efforts and for putting up with one fire drill after another! Hopefully we all learned alot in the process. com Pursuant to Jason Williams's request, I am attaching our form master netting agreement. Can you send me a representative copy of a confirm with gtcs for each of the following? Please let me know if you need the pre-printed forms and I will either fax them or overnight them to you. Can you get me a representative copy of each of the following confirms? Bet you thought you had heard the last from me. Our Credit group gave me the document no. Please hold off sending the master netting agreement forms to Allegheny until we get the go ahead from credit. I will let you know as soon as I speak with them. Attached is the updated list of master netting agreement counterparties. The entities added since I distributed the list yesterday Louis Dreyfus are in bold. Let me know if you have any questions or need anything else. Attached is the latest list of master netting agreement counterparties. The only addition is Western Resources in bold. Also, I have added The New Power Company and Entergy-Koch Trading, L. In addition, I have noted those master netting agreements that have been executed. Please let me know if you have any questions or need anything else. Clair, at this time, there is no urgency in finalizing and executing any master netting agreements. No master netting agreement should be signed without Bill Bradford's or Louise Kitchen's prior approval. If any questions, please contact either Carol or Elizabeth Sager. I must not have sent a form master netting agreement to Billy Hayes at Richardson, as I can't seem to find an e-mail where I did. We have received an executed Amendment Agreement dated as of September 19, 2001 between The Chase Manhattan Bank and Enron North America Corp.