Brenda Herod setting forth the procedures and telling her that you verify the requests and notify Legal of any changes. In this e-mail, apparently Brenda asked that Mike Moscoso's and Kristen Hanson's appointments be revoked and that Lisa McClendon be added. Will you let me know of any changes that should be made at this time? Let me know if you have any questions or need anything else. Attached are the certificates to be issued in connection with the Enron Corp. Both of these guaranties were signed by Mary Perkins on July 13, 2001. Please process the attached certificates as soon as possible, as we have already forwarded our documentation to the counterparties and the only remaining items to be delivered are the attached certificates. Please let me know when the attached documents are ready and I'll arrange for pick up. In connection with the execution of the referenced Master Agreement, I am attaching a form of certificate of incumbency to be completed and returned to us when the Master Agreement is signed. Thank you for your assistance and, please do not hesitate to contact me should you have any questions. Please let me know if you need anything else. We look forward to hearing your comments. Attached is a memo requesting the referenced Enron Corp. Please call me when ready and I'll send someone to pick the documentation up. Please let me know if you would like me to forward the preprinted forms to you or if you will be able to obtain the copy sent to Ms. Van Gelder. Thank you for your assistance and, please do not hesitate to contact us with any questions or comments. We look forward to hearing your comments. Please don't hesitate to contact either Sara x35620 or me x33907 with any questions or comments. In connection with the upcoming Enron Corp. Board Meeting, we have prepared, and attach for your review, resolutions authorizing the opening of brokerage accounts on behalf of Enron Corp. The current resolutions are outdated because certain of the offices no longer exist or have changed. In addition, the interest rate and currency desk typically goes to Andy Fastow when documents need to be signed or written or oral instructions need to be given to brokers. Andy's title has changed and he has also asked that Ben Glisan and Tim DeSpain be authorized to sign documents and to give instructions in connection with these brokerage accounts. Would you please review the attached resolutions and advise if they are acceptable so that we can submit them to Rebecca Carter by tomorrow, August 1. Thanks for your assistance and, please let us know if you have any questions. I am also attaching a form of authorized traders list for your use. Let me know if you have any questions or need anything else. Attached are a clean and blacklined version of P. 's Amendment Agreement with our changes noted. Please let me know if you have any questions or need anything else. Michael Law has asked us to finalize execution copies of the Master Agreement between Enron Canada Corp. please provide me with the name and fax number for the individual or group who should receive notices under the Master Agreement. Guaranty - please provide me with the name and fax number for the individual or group who should receive notices under the guaranty. Once I have this information, I will finalize execution copies of the documents and forward them to our office in Calgary for execution. In addition, I will request the original Enron Corp. Thank you for your assistance and, should you have any questions, please do not hesitate to contact me. Joe Hunter said he sent an interoffice envelope sometime last week he doesn't remember who he sent it to containing copies of a confirm on the J Aron website, together with a copy of a Service Agreement. He needs to make a copy of the documents. If so, please let either Joe x33316 or me know. In connection with the upcoming Enron Corp. Board Meeting, we have prepared proposed resolutions authorizing the opening of brokerage accounts on behalf of Enron Corp. The current resolutions are outdated because certain of the offices no longer exist or have changed. In addition, Gary Hickerson's group typically goes to Andy Fastow when documents need to be signed or written or oral instructions need to be given to brokers to authorize the transfer of funds from Enron Corp. 's brokerage account s , in particular the account at Morgan Stanley.