Pursuant to Sara Shackleton's request, I am attaching a memo that I prepared in April, 2000 regarding procedures for opening brokerage accounts. Please do not hesitate to contact either Sara or me with any questions. Please let me know if something comes up that you will not be able to attend so that I can inform George Diskin at ConEd. As I stated in my voicemail, please do not send these out until you get the okay from either Frank Sayre or me. We are waiting to receive the underlying documentation from Caroline Abramo re eligibility, etc. Let me know if you have any questions or need anything else. Attached are forms of resolutions authorizing the opening of brokerage agreements, together with a form of authorized traders list. I don't know if Sara told you or not, but we typically require two signatories to open brokerage accounts. Presently, our resolutions reflect Cassandra Schultz, Vice President of Risk Assessment and Control Group, a Division of Enron Corp. as being authorized, however, we have just learned that she hasn't been officially elected to this office, so in the interim, we will have Rick Buy be our second signature. Let me know if you have any questions or need anything else. I told him that I thought things were passed down the chain, not up and he said that when you are as good as he his, they are passed up the chain. You may have something different to say about this. We originally were going to have it signed, but when Samantha called Jay about initialling, he said Credit wanted to revisit the credit, so can you let me know the status so that I can tell Chris? I am attaching revised forms of the Credit Confidentiality Agreements for use in requesting financial statements from a counterparty. Please begin using the attached forms when preparing confidentiality agreements and please refer to Tana's e-mail regarding procedures for preparing and signing the agreements. If you have any questions, please do not hesitate to call me. I don't remember if I told you the specific date that my jury duty has been rescheduled to, but if not, it's now scheduled for Friday, September 28. If these changes are acceptable to the counterparty, they can either sign two originals and send to us for signature or, we can sign first and then forward to them. If they have any questions, they can call either Frank or me. Please let me know if you have any questions or need anything else. Please do not hesitate to contact us with any questions or comments. If I see we won't get them to you this week, I'll let you know. Attached are an original and blacklined copy of your form of guaranty, which reflect our comments. Pursuant to Jason Biever's request, I am attaching, for your review, a draft Master Agreement between Garden City Plaza Ltd. We look forward to hearing your comments. Let me know if you have any questions or need anything else. According to Lotus Notes, we sent them a draft in July, 1997. Will you prepare a worksheet and send to us so that we can send Citgo a current draft? If you aren't the right credit contact, will you pass this e-mail along? Let me know if you have any questions or need anything else. Sara sent a copy of her Lotus Notes entry to you all asking someone to respond. Today, she received another e-mail re status? Russell worked on the Florida Power Light Co. Do you know who is or will be working on this, assuming it is something we want to do?