Can we use the same credit, or do you want to revise it? He said he was going to meet with the counterparty on Tuesday, so I'm sure he either wants them to get the draft before then or he will take it with him. We have checked our Lotus Notes database and don't have a record for either of these entities. Will you let me know if your groups have had any dealings with these two entities or know of a business person who has done business with either of these entities? I apologize for not calling you today, but things got pretty hectic and I misplaced your message. This will help me in having everything signed that you need. Date of each limited partnership agreement and 2. Date of each investment management agreement. We look forward to hearing your comments. Pursuant to our conversation attached is the form of guaranty that one of our business groups would like to send to a Mexican counterparty. Francisco has asked if you would please revise the guaranty to provide for agent for service of process, submission to governing law in Texas and submission to jurisdiction in U. It appears that the form includes submission to jurisdiction in Texas and I have included a provision regarding agent for service of process. As I stated, we would like to have these revisions as soon as possible this afternoon. Please do not hesitate to contact either Sara Shackleton or me with any questions or comments. He said there were just a handful, but we'll see. I'll forward his e-mail to you when I receive it. Attached for your further handling is the Annex B for the related transaction. Let me know if you have any questions or need anything else. Please let me know the date of the earliest outstanding trade if any so that I can date my master agreement. Please print two 2 copies of the document and have an authorized officer sign both copies on Page 6 of the agreement. When executed, please forward both original signed copies by overnight courier to Mr. David. Guaranty and will forward it to you when completed. Thank you for your assistance and, should you have any questions, please do not hesitate to contact me. Please let me know when the guaranty is ready and I'll arrange for pick-up. Attached for review is the draft of the proposed fee letter in connection with the Torch deals. Let me know if you have any questions or comments. Please send this revised form to the counterparty asking that they use this form rather than the form of guaranty you sent them on Friday. It appears to be in order, so I am in the process of preparing it for execution by us. The effective date on the agreement is July 30, 2001. We can confirm transactions with them under this Master Agreement. I couldn't remember if I was supposed to send you the final copy of the Schedule and Paragraph 13 or not, so what the heck, here they are! Please do not hesitate to contact us with any questions.