Portland actually becomes a happening town for one day a year and that day is St Patricks Day. There are several pretty cool places that we can go downtown that will be having pretty decent sized parties. Anyway, let me know your plans, here is my phone number in case Dahl doesn't have it. I will also be able to give you the cashish Bill, over the past few weeks we have had quite a few occasions that El Paso has had problems checking out with other control areas due to them providing transmission for other counter parties. Last night and on several other nights the generation guys at El Paso have been netting out generation schedules with transmission schedules. On several occasions,including last night, myself or other members of team have identified this problem for them and have told them not too net the schedules. Bert, I and other group members have tried to assist them with this issue however, it is becoming a consistent problem and i feel that someone may want to mention it to Roger, Steve, or Tony. I have tried to address this with generation myself on several occassions however, the problem has become reoccuring. n Thank you for your attention to this matter. Thank you for your attention to this matter. Hey, since I hear you are doing the schedule now after all could you please remember to have me not working March 31st thru the 3rd. Also since the schedule is totally going to change, if i work the 30th of March could you put me on the day shift instead of night. I had negotiated some changes so that would work however, since it is going to change anyway please put me on a day shift if possible as I already bought a ticket to leave on the evening of the 30th. I meant on the game itself not you drinking or not drinking? Thank you for your attention to this matter. The El Paso model was completely messed up for the entire day when I came in this evening. I had to change several areas on the second page due to formula errors in mapping the deals over. I am pretty sure it is correct now however, I would appreciate it if you could double check it for me. I haven't sent it to El Paso yet as I had to change so many things I wanted a "second set of eyes" Thanks man. I have already purchased my ticket leaving on the evening of the 30th so, if you are planning on scheduling me for the 30th please make it a day shift. Bill, I have some family business that I need to attend to in April. I therefore need, March 31st thru April 3rd off from work. It is only four days so I assume it will not be a problem. I already have March 31st off so if you could just make sure that I have April 1st thru 3rd off also it would be greatly appreciated. I am going to book my ticket tommorow evening to take advantage of a good fare so please let me know if there is a problem by then. I will see what days I have off of work and get back to you tommorow night but I was planning on coming down for it all along. Like i said i well let you know tommorow. I am bored and its 2 in the freaking morning and I am sick and this really sucks. I wanted to know if you were still having your party on Saturday, if I was still invited, if I could bring anything, and how to get to your house. One more night shift to go and then 5 days off for me! Sorry I didnt respond to your previous email, I was really busy at work that day and didnt have the time to mail you back. I am doing okay, the job is going really good. Things must not be going too well if you have to live with that asshole McGraw huh? Anyway, lets grab a beer sometime in the near future. Do you have a job or a you just lounging around the house all day spanking your monkey? I just came in for a little bit to get my bonus check and to check my email and a couple of other things. I do have your goggles however i don't thin that i have your ski pants. You asked me about this last spring but, I couldn't find the pants then either. So the reason I called to see if you wanted to do something last week was because I got a settlement on my some of my dads insurance shit and I wanted to go out to a nice dinner. I thought it would be a nice opportunity for us to hang out and catch up. I hope you don't still think that I didn't want to see you that night because you are dating dave, I just had to run some errands right when you called back. Not much here I have to work Saturday and Sunday dayshifts, which kind of sucks however, I am usually ok to go out until like 10-11 on nights like that as Saturdays are not too busy. I think the only one I won't be able to make will be the one on the 15th. I don't think threats of violence are appropriate in the workplace. If you are talking about hanging out then I have plans with my friend Kate tonight but none for the weekend I am totally joking dude! The major thing is that if I am spending most of my free time down there anyway, I might as well just move there I don't even want to go close to what that dream is supposed to me.