Will you be out of the office in the near future for vacation, leave, etc? 20 Erica, Due to the fact that Jeff is unable to attend on July 19, I believe it would be better to reschedule the call for sometime next quarter. Telephone Call with Jerry Murdock Dear Mr. Skilling: I write on behalf of Jerry Murdock, who is currently in Europe. Mr. Murdock asked me to pass on the following information regarding your telephone call scheduled for 10: Insight Capital hosts a quarterly dinner with Robert Rubin and Steve Friedman and other selected guests. Our next dinner is scheduled for July 19 and will be held in Aspen, Colorado. The purpose of your conversation with Mr. Murdock is to discuss the above in more detail and to more fully brief you on the purpose of these dinners. Please do not hesitate to contact me should you require any further information. If it has been sent to you in error, please reply immediately to advise the sender of the error and then destroy this message, any copies of this message and any printout of this message. If you are not the intended recipient of the message, any unauthorized dissemination, distribution or copying of the material in this message, and any attachments to the message, is strictly forbidden. Erica, Jeff is currently scheduled to be on vacation July 19. Would it be possible to schedule during the next quarter? Telephone Call with Jerry Murdock Dear Mr. Skilling: I write on behalf of Jerry Murdock, who is currently in Europe. Mr. Murdock asked me to pass on the following information regarding your telephone call scheduled for 10: Insight Capital hosts a quarterly dinner with Robert Rubin and Steve Friedman and other selected guests. Our next dinner is scheduled for July 19 and will be held in Aspen, Colorado. The purpose of your conversation with Mr. Murdock is to discuss the above in more detail and to more fully brief you on the purpose of these dinners. Please do not hesitate to contact me should you require any further information. If it has been sent to you in error, please reply immediately to advise the sender of the error and then destroy this message, any copies of this message and any printout of this message. If you are not the intended recipient of the message, any unauthorized dissemination, distribution or copying of the material in this message, and any attachments to the message, is strictly forbidden. Washington Pictures Hi Jeff The pictures of the Skilling boys arrived and are wonderful. I need your new home address and telephone number. Thank you, Joannie Williamson Dottie Kerr dottie kerr-solutions. Second Invite There are only a few available spaces at the upcoming Harvard Forum. Ever wanted to talk substantively about a topic, while having a great dinner, but were afraid that your dinner guests would not be able to go the distance with you in the conversation? Modeled after a format that members David and Anne Grizzle and Danguole Spakevicius and William Altman have been enjoying for years, the Harvard Forum will provide an opportunity for an extended conversation with fellow club members. we'll have dinner, and then a panel of Harvard grads will give brief introductions to the evening's topic from their perspective, and then we will all engage the topic for ourselves, first in a large group and then in small groups. The panel members will be knowledgeable, but not so expert that anyone will be intimidated. They will, however, be provocative to assure that the subsequent conversation is lively. You will come away knowing your fellow club members better than ever - maybe better than you ever wanted. The topic we've picked is one with which many of us have struggled. Our children may be growing up in a world far more affluent - privileged - than we enjoyed. How imperiled is their character by our success? What practical steps can we take to insure that we pass along to them the character values that we treasure? We plan to schedule a Harvard Forum every quarter. Because of the format, attendance is limited. I wanted to gain your assistance to point me to the most appropriate person I could interview at Enron.