Within his profession, Mr. Vaughan was founding chairman and governor of the Association for Investment Management and Research, a past chairman of the Institute of Chartered Financial Analysts and a past chairman of the Financial Analysts Federation. He is chairman and has served as a director since 1970 of Dreyfus Founders Group of mutual funds Denver. Mr. Vaughan has been a trustee of Vanderbilt University Nashville since 1972. He is a director since 1990 and on the Executive Committee of the Greater Houston Partnership. He is Chairman of the Center for Houston's Future whose mission is to help prepare Houston proactively for future opportunities and challenges. Mr. Vaughan is a director of the Houston Grand Opera Association, a trustee of Goodwill Industries and past chairman of The Houston Forum. He was founding chairman of Presbyterian School early childhood through grade 8 and served as a trustee of St. in 1955 from Vanderbilt University, an M. in 1961 from the Harvard Business School, where he was a J. Spencer Love Fellow, and earned the Chartered Financial Analyst designation in 1969. 00 am I hope you choose to join us for this and many future events. Reservations accepted until noon on May 4, 2001. Thank you for your help. meeting on June 12 at the Venetian Resort in Las Vegas. Thank you for setting aside time to meet with me. I have attached my resume to help bring you up to date on my career. As you will see, I have been providing advisory services since 1995. During these years, I have done some of my best work. I am proud of the service that I have rendered as an independent consultant. Now, I feel it is time to move to a new chapter in my career. I look forward to sitting down with you to think through ways to apply my experience, intellect and energies to new professional challenges. I respect you tremendously, and wherever the next part of my career may lie, I know that my search and choice will benefit significantly from your perspective. I found it during a profoundly challenging period in my life. Your historic words of support helped me keep fighting and successfully moving forward. Don't miss this exceptional speaker with great credentials. Dr. Bernard Harris will discuss the business side of the space program as well as its political future. I've asked that the sedan stand by and take you as directed when you are ready to leave the North Shepherd facility. Ok, I'll tell you what I've told everyone else - the pledges Jeff has received range from 20 to 6000. So, pledge with your heart, keeping your pocketbook in mind! By the way, Jeff finished the ride in just over 14 hours! No matter how much I have, its never enough.