Please come to the Enron Lobby and ask for me or my assistant, Melinda McCarty. After the presentation, you are cordially invited to dinner and an Astro's game vs Phillies at the Enron Box at Enron Field. Noon on Wednesday for the building tour. I think it would be okay to meet Jeff and Bill Donovan in the lobby. Unfortunately Jeff will be leaving to go out of town right after lunch, so I don't think that the tour of the Hobby Performing Arts Center will work for Wednesday. Follow-Up - Brent Larsen Joannie, Just a reminder about the job tour on Wednesday. I will be in San Diego until Tuesday night so I wanted to check in today. I will be happy to come to Jeff's office to pick him up or we can meet in the lobby. I will also be available to show him the Hobby Performing Arts Center if he has time. Stan The Stanford Business School, in collaboration with the management-consulting firm McKinsey Company, is conducting a large study of global corporations, their management practices, and organization. Enron is participating in the project in order to learn how our own practices and activities compare to those of other leading global firms and to see which bring true benefits in the global marketplace. One of the unique features of the project is that it seeks to assess the knowledge and communication networks within a company by asking employees throughout the company to comment on their actual practices and experience. The goal is to obtain real and accurate information by surveying the people most directly involved in the company's operations. The survey is brief and should take no longer than 15 or 20 minutes. Your responses will be treated as strictly confidential, and will be used solely by the Stanford/McKinsey researchers to evaluate how specific practices and structures impact global communication and knowledge flows. If you would like individual feedback on how your own networks compare to those of others in the study, please check the appropriate box at the end of the survey. Please save this email for future reference and, again, thank you for contributing to this important learning opportunity. You may also copy this link and paste it into your favorite browser. Mr. Skilling is traveling for the remainder of this week, but will be back in the office on Monday. Lay Allen, an associate of yours on the Federal Reserve board, spoke with Joannie Williamson today regarding my desire to interview at Enron. I am a graduate of Princeton University with two years experience in financial modeling and communications. I am in Houston through Friday evening and, given the short notice, would be grateful for any opportunity to meet with the appropriate person any time Thursday or Friday. I look forward to interviewing and applying my experience at Enron. Unfortunately, Jeff Skilling is unable to attend. Dottie Kerr dottie kerr-solutions. The Board of the Center for Houston's Future recently committed resoundingly to the creation of Goals and a Strategic Plan for Houston that will allow our community to achieve its extraordinary potential over the next decisive 20 years. This landmark program, already underway, will be assisted by many dedicated volunteers from throughout the community. The world and Houston are changing rapidly - what will be the new reality in 20 years and beyond? Most of all, what plans, resources, determination and leadership are necessary now to get Houston to its desirable future? If you are interested in what can be done to give Houston a great future worthy of its past - and particularly if you want to get involved - this is an outstanding opportunity to discourse with one of the citizens leading the charge. Gene Vaughan is chairman and founder of Vaughan, Nelson, Scarborough McCullough, L.