So, someone who could provide an external perspective of how players in the industry are coping with the challenges as well as an internal perspective on Enron would be great for me to interview. If that means more than one individual, that is fine too. Hope this is not too much of an imposition. I'll undertake the conversation over the telephone and keep it short. Shyam Giridharadas Mr. Skilling will be travelling and unable to attend on May 24.  Administrator Administrator houstontech. The Houston Technology Center would like to invite you to attend the Houston Mentor Network Breakfast during which we will introduce a selection of our newest companies. Wrap-up/Networking I look forward to a great turnout! Jeff has a meeting right after the building tour, so unfortunately he won't be able to attend. I am also going to Hobby Performing Arts immediately afterwards with Paul Hobby and we'd love to have Jeff join us for a short tour of that job as well. Jeff, Unfortunately, Jeff doesn't have any information on Rick Barsky. Would you like for me to try and get information from anyone else? Bio says he was involved in start up of Enron Renewable Energy Corp. My Resignation, and a Question Jeff- As you may know, I have somewhat reluctantly decided to resign from Enron. For some time now, I have wanted to take some time off, and had asked Whalley about the possibility for a six month unpaid, unvested sabbatical. Primarily for reasons of precedence, he was unwilling to pursue this option, which, while it is disappointing to me, I accept. First, I would like to thank you for making this company the great place it is today, and for giving me the opportunity to have a great career here. I will forever look upon my nine plus years with Enron fondly. Second, I would like to ask you as the administrator of the 1997 Long Term Incentive Plan to allow me to explore opportunities in the venture capital community without triggering non-compete provisions with regard to future payouts. I very much enjoyed my brief role in venture capital, and have some very good contacts in that area here in New York. Since NetWorks decided to cease operations in that business earlier in the year, I should not think that Enron would view anything I might do there as competitive, especially if I were not working directly in the energy space with an Enron competitor. At present, I am planning to spend my time at least through the summer enjoying, and travelling with, my family. I have nothing planned professionally as of yet, but wanted to take the opportunity to drop you this note while I might still be viewed positively I hope that's not too presumptuous! Please let me know your thoughts on this non-compete provision as I would not wish for anything to be awkward for us going forward. Again Jeff, thanks for many great memories, and as an Enron shareholder, keep up the great work! Jay Thank you for the invitation to Utilities 2001. Due to a prior commitment, Mr. Skilling is unable to attend. com Felicia Griffin feliciag marcusevanstx. doc Bill and Jeff will have their own hardhats. Will they have their own hardhats or should I get some? -Stan Christie, please tell me you don't have Jeff down for this function. He will be returning to Houston Monday afternoon.