We hope that everyone will utilize this outstanding website because it was designed with both groups in mind. We want the A A members to know what is available for them with regard to business unit news and rotation information and we want the business units to find the best match for their professional needs. Check out all the features and help evaluate the content. Let the Associate Analyst Department know what you think and offer any ideas or suggestions. The Stanford Business School, in collaboration with the management-consulting firm McKinsey Company, is conducting a large study of global corporations, their management practices, and organization. Enron is participating in the project in order to learn how our own practices and activities compare to those of other leading global firms and to see which bring true benefits in the global marketplace. One of the unique features of the project is that it seeks to assess the knowledge and communication networks within a company by asking employees throughout the company to comment on their actual practices and experience. The goal is to obtain real and accurate information by surveying the people most directly involved in the company's operations. The survey is brief and should take no longer than 15 or 20 minutes. Your responses will be treated as strictly confidential, and will be used solely by the Stanford/McKinsey researchers to evaluate how specific practices and structures impact global communication and knowledge flows. If you would like individual feedback on how your own networks compare to those of others in the study, please check the appropriate box at the end of the survey. Please save this email for future reference and, again, thank you for contributing to this important learning opportunity. You may also copy this link and paste it into your favorite browser. The Stanford Business School, in collaboration with the management-consulting firm McKinsey Company, is conducting a large study of global corporations, their management practices, and organization. Enron is participating in the project in order to learn how our own practices and activities compare to those of other leading global firms and to see which bring true benefits in the global marketplace. Look forward to seeing you out at Tully Stadium on the 20th. Simon, I was unable to open the attached document for Jeff Skilling.