I'm interested and excited about what I have to do, so it's good. Fortunately this scheduling thing has become second nature so I don't really have to think too much this morning. Tom, I believe that your right up correctly interprets the current model, but as we discussed, I think the more correct methodology is to use the next day's cash price since the Gas Daily print is for gas traded the previous day and delivered the same day as the print. If I'm trading day gas on April 7th, the prices I'm basing my decisions on are those represented in the Gas Daily print for April 8th. If we do not change the model, I think we need another sentence to clarify that the cash prices a day behind. Of course, eventually we need to fix the model. Interpreting Curves Data Matt, Here's a one page document showing how I have interpreted the curves data. If you would like any changes, please mark up / edit and I'll make the changes today. The San Juan plant receipts and Rockies production information should be accurate. The third tab, Keystone Receipts, is definitely not comprehensive. That information is for El Paso Natural Gas only, and only the first section of the table has the receipt points values. Unfortunately, a lot of production in Keystone moves onto intrastate pipelines that we do not have data for. Mat Eddie, We'll need a new pipeline for Northwest manual entry. We will manually enter this point until we can automate it. Klamath Cogeneration - PacifiCorp This is a scraped point currently being posted. Mat Mog, As requested, here is the Socal file. Please keep this within the company, as it represents a competitive advantage to Enron. The numbers in the Test Sheet for February 6th are identical to those used by the West Desk yesterday for February 5th. Generally, we use the Cycle 2 numbers, however, sometimes only Cycle one is available for our morning meeting. Northwest - None of these numbers match our flow sheet. It appears the Test Sheet pulls Cycle 3 nominations, whereas we use Cycle 6. However, the website we use to pull the flows is generally not available to use until as late as 7 am we are not sure why. I understand you may pull the numbers from a different place, so we should find out whether you can get the numbers earlier. They differ by about 5,000, but I don't know if one is more correct than the other. To be consistent, though, we should probably change the Test Sheet. The numbers for February 6th are identical to our Feb. Is this a reporting or a scrubbing problem? It is possible you are pulling the data from the website before they update it with the next day's data. If you pull from our spreadsheet, then the latest numbers would not be in when this report is run. El Paso - Most of the numbers appear to be correct, except for the plant receipts. The numbers are close, but we should compare our formulas because I don't think this is a cycle problem. General - The "Difference" column of the Test Sheet compares the latest cycle for the current with the final cycle of the previous day. This can cause intraday fluxuations in scheduled quantities to appear as day to day fluxuations. I suggest that we add additional cycles to the Test Sheet for the current day and the previous day. This way we can compare identical cycles as well as pick up any intraday fluxuations. As we discussed, you'll let me know when you're ready to revise this report. These notes should give us a great place to start. I look forward to getting this report ready to use. Mat I'm going to be working late, and I have some errands I need to run, so I don't really have plans, except that dinner will probably be around 8 pm or so. Mat Tom, I believe that your right up correctly interprets the current model, but as we discussed, I think the more correct methodology is to use the next day's cash price since the Gas Daily print is for gas traded the previous day and delivered the same day as the print. If I'm trading day gas on April 7th, the prices I'm basing my decisions on are those represented in the Gas Daily print for April 8th. If we do not change the model, I think we need another sentence to clarify that the cash prices a day behind. Of course, eventually we need to fix the model. Interpreting Curves Data Matt, Here's a one page document showing how I have interpreted the curves data. If you would like any changes, please mark up / edit and I'll make the changes today. Tom As a matter of fact, mark your damn calender March 8-11 I'm in town and will hopefully be attending the Big Championship game Sat. Enron kicks ass, but I feel like it's going to take me forever to get where I need to be, and you won't believe where that is, but more on that later. Try to call me at work today and I'll give you the latest fare availability. Mateo Hmmm, I don't if I could pass up an opportunity to dive the Caymen islands.