If you have specified an alternate delivery location for your E-ticket, we will send a Travel Itinerary and Receipt to the address you specified, plus a Payment Receipt to the address that appears on your credit card statement. When you arrive at the airport on the day of your flight please provide the ticket agent with your last name, flight number and photo identification to receive your boarding passes. If E-Tickets are not available for your flights , or you have elected to receive a paper ticket, we will send your tickets and receipts to the address you specified during the booking process. -- within 3 days and E-Ticket is available for your flights , an E-Ticket will be issued. For questions concerning this requirement, please contact Continental Airlines or visit our web site at. A valid passport is required for international travel. Please check with the embassy of the country to which you are traveling, contact Continental Airlines or visit our web site at. If you wish to change hotel and car reservations, use Continental Airlines On-Line Reservations at. We wish you a pleasant trip and look forward to serving you again soon. Continental Airlines Ina, I was not out today. Yesterday and today I was taking a class. I'm sorry I didn't tell anyone, it was a last minute decision. Mat Angela, It's me, your favorite coworker! Attached is, yet again, an Access file with a table of historicals for clay basin Questar pipeline. A Computer and Internet Connection for You and Your Family As you know, technology is critical to Enron it drives our success and wil l continue to do so in the future. You've seen what technology can do at work. Now we want you and your family to realize its benefits at home. With that in mind, we are excited to let you know that we are introducing the ClickAtHome program, which will give each employee a computer for use at home. Where technology permits, we will also subsidize an Internet connection. With the click of a mouse, a home computer plus Internet access will put a world of Internet knowledge at your family's fingertips. We have just signed an agreement with Dell Computer Corporation to provide the computer hardware. We wanted to let you know about the program now in case you and your family were considering the purchase or upgrade of a home computer or Internet connection in the next few months. Employees will have the option to receive a subsidized Internet connection, including broadband, where commercially available. Eligibility includes being employed at the time of implementation. employee sign-up will begin in early 20' with delivery of the equipment and Internet connection to follow shortly thereafter. Delive ry of equipment to participating non-U. Details about this program are still being finalized. To address some of your initial questions, we've posted a question-and-answer document on 20. We will schedule an eSpeak session in the ne ar future where you will have an opportunity to ask questions. Or, you can submit your questions and comments to ClickAtHome enron. We are excited to extend our investment in technology to you and your family. We believe this program takes communication at Enron to a new leve l by creating endless possibilities for you to experience and participate in the broadband Internet revolution. It is just another reason why we believe Enron is a great place to work. I was confused because I was hanging out with him Friday at happy hour and he said he was busier than ever. I mentioned that I talked to you, and he had nothing but nice things to say about you. Mat I would look at it again, but I'm late for my class. Sorry, Mat Imad, I don't think we have any open slots, but pass your resume on to me and I will pass it on. When would your rotation begin and would this be a second or third rotation? Mat The happy hour tonight is at the Timbewolf near Bissonnet and Kirby. If you guys aren't ready, maybe I'll go and check it out before you guys make the trip.