Please feel free to contact me with any further questions. Thank you for your request for auto insurance. Please provide the details requested below to expedite the processing of your request. We routinely run a claims history for all new policies and the following claims were found. Smith at-fault accident We will resume the processing of your request as soon as we receive the details requested above. Apparently, his phone number is listed in the directory for you. Since I didn't remember your number, we told the guy we'd pass on his name and number. Those frozen screwdrivers will fuck you up. I get half way in the door and one of the traders in my group comes running up to say. I hung out with her and this other guy who's one of our brokers. The broker was great to talk to because he had great things to say about Enron, and he wasn't kissing ass for the business because his last day is today and he's moving back East. Mat Hey, I didn't call you back because of the fuckup that I learned of right after you hung up on me. Marlo, Can you please forward that email you sent me to Patti Sullivan since I have not used the path manager and my mail forward feature is not working. Mat Marlo, As discussed, I am forwarding to you two spreadsheets with the requested information. Each spreadsheets are identified by month. Within each spreadsheet are a number of tabs. Customers are along the horizontal with dates on the vertical. For each customer, several columns are used to identify the gas supplied to the customer from each location. Please call if you have any further questions. Mat Hey, I hope you've gotton a chance to get a phone any everything. I finally have access to all the computer applications that I need. If only I had access to the directories with the required files! Anyway, I wondering what you thought about drinks after work thursday and if you had any venue preference? Chris should have deleted data in the database from the middle of March back so you can import anytime. By the way, I finally spoke with Jennifer today. She would like to get together with us for a few beers whenever we decide. Mat Regan, Hey, I hope things are still going well. I've been thrown right into the mix right away and have barely had a minute to breathe. I'm scheduling gas after the morning trades have been made which basically entails lining up the buyers and sellers to exchange contract numbers. However, it's a great place to learn operational logistics. The intent is that I'll be productive in the role immediately while learning the ropes. As they hire the needed full-time schedulers and I get up to speed, I'll move into market research for the traders. My first such assignment is to value storage in different markets based on historical gas pricing and injection-withdrawel strategies. Let's just say my plate looks to be full. By the way, I'm sure you saw the previous email from our buddy, Ted Bland. Looks like he got the message, although I'm still feeling like there's still some orientation regarding the A/A program itself that we're missing. For instance, did you see that there's a whole page in the intranet dedicated to the program. It mentions month guest speakers and lunches. I also saw mention of a mentoring program. Of course, the A/A happy hours important as well. Anyway, the real reason I wanted to drop the line is to find out if you're spending all your time in Georgia, or if you want to grab lunch sometime this week or hear of any after work activities that would help in meeting other people at Enron. Later, Mat It's funny, even the southern ones. Please send e-mail to my compuserve account from now on mds12403 cs. I was busy until about 10 pm and well I just got interupted. Mat Marlo, Can you please forward that email you sent me to Patti Sullivan since I have not used the path manager and my mail forward feature is not working. Mat Don't get too excited to hear about the rest of the day. It's been boring and I'm very uneasy about my role in this group. Mat Jeanne, Per our conversation, I am requesting a check for the remaining dollar value from the relocation credit card provided to me. The name as it appears on the card is Matthew Smith. It would be great to have the check by the end of the week. Mat Angela, It's me, your favorite coworker! Attached is, yet again, an Access file with a table of historicals for clay basin Questar pipeline. Please make one up for the 608 Novelty Hill M/S point. since I was working to reload some cycle 13 data for Northwest today, it seemed like a good a time as any to take care of these few foreign key violations as well. Thanks, Chris Yan, The merged reports look great.