l working then it wouldn't be nearly as cool as if it were March and you weren't working, so I'm willing to hold out until you know your fate. I'll just plan a ski trip in the mean time to hold me over. Mat Andrea, I'm rotating as part of the trading track sometime before March 1st to the Gas Fundamentals Group. I'll get you the required information next week. Let me guess, you got all rested up saturday and sunday, then when out three nights already this week, and now are ready to go home, do laundry and sleep. Unfortunately, I've been extremely lame, mostly because you got me sick. Anyway, I haven't been feeling so hot, yet I did oversleep by two hours this morning which really helped. So, any big plans for the weekend besides laundry? Mat Mog, Here's the Socal file as requested. As I indicated, this information is a competitive advantage of ours, so it should stay in the company. Mat Trading was boring today, well, boring because I'm not participating yet. The superbowl isn't until 6 pm I think, so yes, I say we go someplace or your place. I'll just tell everyone I have to work, which I do anyway. It'll be my second to last weekend stint. I'm going to look for some pussy on saturday. Mateo Hey, I don't know if you've been reading any of those emails today, but please tell me we as in me and you can do something other than hand out with those fucking losers. You know Mark's all over this fucking thing! We need to work out a system here Kristen. Why is it you are so freakin hard to get in touch with? I asked you how often you check email, but you've never told me, once a day, week, what? how long after I leave a message should I expect to here from you? I'm generally impatient, which is why it kills me to wait to hear from you, especially when I have not idea of what time frame to expect. Anyway, I really need to make plans, otherwise I'm going to go to Utah with Dave, or San Fran, or Puerto Rico. Mat I'm going to be working late, and I have some errands I need to run, so I don't really have plans, except that dinner will probably be around 8 pm or so. Mat Yo, sorry I haven't gotten back to you right away. I am still trying to figure when and where I'm taking vacation. Puerto Rico is right up there, buddy, so what's the latest on the whole contract extension? I'll do some checking tonight, and I'll let you know what I come up with. Ideally, mid to end of February is best, but of course, that all depends on if you're still going to be there. Anyway, I just wanted to let you know, I'm still considering. I think it's only a matter of time before the national guard comes in to prevent rioting in the streets! Anyway, I was just wondering what plans you have in the next month or so because I want to go someplace and do something, but I'm just not sure what yet. I have a bunch of vacation I need to take and I'd rather not sit around here and twidle my thumbs. Let me know if you have any suggestions. Mat Kristen, I thought Mark had called you, but I guess not. He said that he can't have Wendy and Amy change their plans, so he can't go on the ski trip. He proceeded to talk for at least two hours on the phone, and just mentioned the outcome yesterday. I pushed him to give me details, but all he said was the cost was a major factor and that Wendy had time off. I think he was bullshiting and that he never really asked them I'm such a skeptic. in reply Hey cutie, I just spent forever writing you a nice little reply to your email on the ski trip, my email availibility, phone b. Sharon said she would get back to me today, but I think we should jump on this lodge asap. I finally got the other version to work, but only by running it on Ken's computer. I have some questions regarding the summary sheet, and I plan on spending a significant amount of time with the model this weekend so yes, let's meet tomorrow if possible. I also need to get familiar with the model used in Chicago for the real time decision making. Mat I was waiting by the phone all day and night for you to call, but no, I was ever dissappointed that I was not a high priority for you. in reply Hey cutie, I just spent forever writing you a nice little reply to your email on the ski trip, my email availibility, phone b. Sharon said she would get back to me today, but I think we should jump on this lodge asap. Each day it will pull in the previous days position and previous day price curve to calculate the mark to market. Then that day's transactions can be entered to calculate the P L of transactions which close out previous positions, as well as to calculate the new open positions. However, this only works if the person is 100 hedged, meaning they do not have any open positions which require marking.