Attached is the Contact List with the information received to date. Steve wanted you to know that he will be attending the Gov. Davis meeting tomorrow with Greg Whalley. Just in case you need it, here is Steve's bio. Below is the information regarding the meetings in Sacramento on Wed. Connections will be established with remote locations upon request. Please indicate below whether or not you plan to attend this meeting and through what medium. The Enron Corporate Policy Committee introduces Expertfinder. Expertfinder allows you to locate people within the Enron community by organization structure, skills, reporting relationships, languages, school attended, and prior work experience. Expertfinder is only as good as the data provided. htm Eastern Hemisphere only to update your data today. Carolyn Green, Vice President - Government Affairs, has advised us of her resignation from Enron Corp. Carolyn is pursuing an opportunity with Sunoco, Inc. as their Vice President for Healt h, Environment and Safety and will be making Philadelphia her new home base. We want to thank Carolyn for her hard work and many contributions to Azurix and Enron. Please join me in wishing Carolyn the very best in her new venture. Take Smith south to Hadley and turn right. Then turn rig ht on Brazos and you're there. Pizzas will be ordered from a place across the street that makes them in a woodburning oven. Enron has begun its executive solicitation for United Way. You should have received an email providing the intranet address where you can pledge online. I encourage you to be the leaders in giving for Governmental Affairs/Public Relations and make your pledge this week. Further, please invite the generous participation of the people in your groups. Connections will be established with remote locations upon request. Please indicate below whether or not you plan to attend this meeting and through what medium. Ken Jeff, We would like to extend an invitation to you for an event at the Guggenheim Museum in New York, honoring the Frank Gehry Exhibit which Enron is sponsoring. The Gala starts with a private viewing of the exhibition, followed by a seated dinner for 280 people in the Rotunda of the museum. Attendees are comprised of Trustees, government dignitaries, artists, curators and celebrities. Several business unit executives are using this forum to take potential customers and we would like to know if you are interested in attending. I have too many letters in my name so it's just mmcvicke enron. Steve has another trip to New York coming up. He speaks at a conference sometime in the morning on Friday, April 20. I plan on flying him back that afternoon or if you go too and want to come back Sat. Are you getting excited about your birthday trip coming up? I bet you both can't wait to really get away. Maureen Attached is the resume and interview schedule for Amy Kim's visit to Enron on Tuesday, April 3. We are looking for a possible fit for her in the Govt. Thanks for spending some time with Amy while she's in town. Steve Kean will not be able to attend this time.