I noticed that I cannot see any swap detail reports for the bankruptcy calc. Please re-calc and generate these reports as they will probably be important as we dig into details. The task is actually very important as there will be many decisions made off of these numbers. Here is the latest results from our valuation engine. Please let me know if you see any mistakes. We will update with your newest changes tomorrow, so you can exclude those from your evaluation. I believe this was just an oversite and have asked Casey to look into it. Will he be allowed to trade all regions? Vlad, Here is the latest book list based on book requests. When we request this and it is complete, we will send you an update. Please review and let me know if I have misrepresented any counterparties. If you want me to add comments, send them to me and I will incorporate. David, Just to make sure you know, the Power Physical Terminated Transactions spreadsheet, is put together by Melissa from information she has received from Master Log and other. This is our primary source for moving transactions into the bankruptcy book as she review to ensure that the contracts terminated cover all our trades. This is the latest draft of pre-bankruptcy pay-outs. I have put all the information I have, please add any that you may know. If you have specific questions, please contact Kathy Reeves. This screen is reached through Tools - Option Environment. I ran deal data for the counterparties we received termination notification on today. I did not want to start moving deals while you were running calcs, so we can just do this tomorrow. Don't forget about Will's new application in stage. I have put this file together for our investigation. Have to run to a meeting, can discuss later. The termination spreadsheets have been updated. There are three new counterparties for physical and one new counterparty for financial. Will Smith has moved a new version of Deal Liquidation into stage for us to use going forward. It incorporates both his script for moving deals to Bankruptcy books and splitting deals on their termination dates. Please look at this so we can use it on our updates. Before we start this process please recalc the East, West, Eastbank, Westbank portfolios to AdHoc. Check one more time that only terminated counterparties are in the Bank portfolios and all terminated counterparties are out of the East and West portfolios. Before kicking off the calcs, double check the specific deals that are listed on the Physical Power Terminated spreadsheet. I believe there were whole deals moved to the Bank portfolios by Will that should never have been moved, because they were already liquidated in November. Also, I have attached a new copy of the physical terminations. Before recalcing the Bank portfolios, please contact Debbie Brackett or Stephanie McGinnis 4-2022 to make sure that they have extracted the data they need from the portfolios. We should still be calcing on 'No True-up'. I know you said this probably will still cause us trouble. At this point, we are going for reasonableness with numbers. All the previous top-levels in our rolls as of the 3rd or 4th will stay as top-levels until we know the exact amount of cash that is being attributed to power. The remaining prior day values will be held in Schedule E for Georgeanne to move to a balance sheet account. These top levels should match the total value of your Bankruptcy portfolios. Where I think it will get tricky is that we are calculating as of the 18th and have transactions in the Bankruptcy portfolio that are before the 18th and therefore will fall into your liquidations. These numbers will also have to moved to Schedule E. When running through liquidations in the East and West portfolios, we will not be flat. Currently, we are liquidating all non-terminated counterparties other than those specifically negotiated out of by scheduling. Thresa and I are working on this with Corry and Cara. The settlements group will figure out what the counterparty agrees with through the check-out and ultimately the clean-up process. Tomorrow should be a blast - I can't wait! In addition to running the East and West portfolio calculations we will also be running the bankruptcy books on a daily basis. The post id numbers should be e-mailed to Debbie Brackett, Stephanie McGinnis and John Powell before you leave for the evening. The data should be available first thing in the morning. Norman is running the calcs for me because I was receiving error messages. Norman, If the post ids change or the data is not available by morning please reply to all to let us know the status.