This is a report straight from the calculation engine so it is easy and fast to generate. We will be having a staff meeting today. John, What is the phone number where we can reach you? I would like to go over Doorstep findings and anything else you would like to fill me in on since we have not met in a while. How would you like me to handle this question? xls Let me know when you get the file so we can make sure it will work for you. Please forward to all applicable traders. As you can see from various e-mails, Samantha will need to take responsibility for these twice weekly calcs. I talked to Bob yesterday and he is aware that she is there and needing something to do. Unofficially, he said that there should be no employee changes before the end of February, so Sam should start coming to work and taking over any specific West Estate requests. We need to change trader names etc. so make sure he gets us this information as soon as possible. I have a friend at Enron, my first boss, who will probably be leaving the company, but does not want to leave Houston if she does not have to. She is very well qualified for a management position, her resume should speak for itself. So sorry to be such a bother, but I just want to make sure that you received and are frantically thinking about my message. The following spreadsheets represents the final product from our request. Please see if you can pull by the parameters we chose from AdHoc. Don, Could you have someone send me the newest list of counterparties both East West that we are still performing with. Sally, John Postlethwaite, Donnie Vinson and Casey Evans all have the title of Associate Director. Kathy Reeves was a manager previously so I assume she is also an Associate Director. I will be out of the office the rest of this afternoon for a doctor's appointment. If you need me I will have my cell phone 281-382-5215. After talking to Tom I have a new plan of attack for Schedule E's. He informed me that the top-levels were typically put in at one region level per roll. Everyone should go back into the rolls and put the top-levels into their correct regions also adjusting the Schedule E's. This is why the differences are so large in certain areas and the only way we can start to pinpoint the problem is to find the problem spots. 04 has not been transferred into the East Bank book. Richter tomorrow - hope you can join us. I have both a toll tag and a parking transponder. Please let me know what else I need to do. This meeting will be mandatory and you should not send a substitute unless approved by me. If the day and time do not work with your schedule please let me know so we can coordinate our calendars. I am sorry to be difficult and you can definitely have a meeting without me and fill me in later, but the all-employee meeting is today and I have been asked to be there by Bob. In addition, I have a work lunch headed by Sally to discuss the all-employee meeting. I have not recompared the Master Log to the 'Physical Terminated' spreadsheet. This is just an update of my initial review. I have also not included the Auto Terminations that we found out about today. After tomorrow's updates, I will do these. We are planning on moving the auto-terminations identified by David and confirmed by Kimberly to the bankruptcy book tomorrow. If anyone has a problem with the counterparties identified, please let me know as soon as possible I just heard a rumor that the Ercot Power Trading was going to sit in the Gas Open section. Is this the case and does it change the seating for gas and power risk? This is exposure P L and position by month, by region for New Power Company. Please let me know how often you need data like this. Can you send me or tell me where to access the matrix put together which defines the legal entity for each desk. Debbie Brackett informed me that the entities are not necessarily the 'legal' entity but something else and I need to help get to the bottom of this. Are you currently preparing option sensitivity reports for Matt Motley?