Here is the most updated list of pre-bankruptcy payouts. Do you think Evelyn, Bryce, etc. could put together numbers for outstanding payable/receivable? I am not sure why these did not show up yesterday, maybe my query was incorrect. However, the following spreadsheet contains terminated counterparties that still show up in the West portfolio. Let me know that you have or have not corrected it. If you need anything else, please let me know. I am running to a dentist appointment this morning, and will be back shortly. Please add the following items to our issues list. I have talked to Leslie about these and she will be able to talk through them on Monday. Please insert after the 'Set up new cash accounts and lock box'. Determine whether or not financial commodity trading, other than power and gas, will be allowed in order to ensure that all adequate curves, indexes, etc and being established in the rate system. Need to set up meeting to discuss approval processes for new curves, books, settlement indexes after Day 1. Market Risk, Credit Risk, Finance and Control, Operations. Discussion around the use of Enron's 'New Counterparty' methodology. Let me know what else I can do. The file is subtotaled to include Peak and Off-peak together. me on all requests that you send out to credit, VaR, etc for the banks. If you are not sending something via e-mail and you are just giving information over the phone. Can you please auto-schedule the following deals for December. Please let Leslie and I know when you are complete. Can you give me a final list of the EnPower support that still exists so that we can have a good contact list? Can you make the system calculate a killed deal? There were deals killed with Sempra Energy Trading on Saturday and the credit group needs to know what the value would have been had these deals been calculated against yesterday's curves. Basically, we need to calc all Sempra deals that were killed Saturday or later as of last night. Please include this in the spreadsheet I sent out yesterday. It is a Constellation deal that was not killed. I have Norman running a calc on the Sempra transactions. He was able to set up a special calc to calc the killed deals. When he is able to give you the values, will you call Dave Forster 3-1861 and let him know the values. This is just a reminder that I will be out of the office on Monday. If you could attempt the following report I would greatly appreciate it. I need all options by flowing from today forward for the East and West portfolios. The option query that we ran this morning does not tie back to AdHoc. I first realized it when I was trying to clean up deals that had many strips. There were instances where the P L and delta were not consistent for every strip so I looked in AdHoc to see which number was right and that is when I started noticing inconsistencies. Could you please query the P L and Delta for the following deal numbers in spreadsheet. The only way I have to do this is to query each deal separately in AdHoc. Please change the trade date on all the newly created Bankruptcy Deals to the trade date of the original deal. Also, please cross-reference in both transactions the associated deals numbers and document that the deal numbers are due to termination. Also, check with Will Smith to make sure he has completed the Allegheny transfers they were missed in the initial batch run and then re-calc the 'Termination Test' portcalcs to ensure that the designated counterparties are not included in the old portfolios. Also, check with Norman or Zhiyun to ensure that they have attached the port-calc code to the Bankruptcy portfolios and then we need to make test runs on them as well. Kim may have some changes to the seating assignments. I believe these changes will also affect where Evelyn's settlements group sits. Please coordinate changes and then send me a list of desk 's and associated names. I need to forward this information to Lloyd Will. Can you please work on attaching the portcalc code to the Bankruptcy Portfolios first thing Monday morning. Please reply to this e-mail when it is complete so we can begin testing the transactions we moved. Thank you so much for the option data. Can you please attach the effective termination dates to your physical and financial termination lists. We have yet to touch December, and need these dates before we can start.