The temps are supposed to be warm and it should be muggy on Sunday ahead of the cold front. This is scheduled to the North Zone under Enpower. Either leave alone or sell under the Ercot Asset book. For Monday, we are long 50 mw's onpeak under another interdesk deal. The length cannot be seen in Enpower scheduling. This deal is under Ercot Asset and has been scheduled to load north under deal. This is scheduled to north zone under enpower. Dont forget that the night crew will report to the new building Sunday evening. Also, tell me the status of the Esca people. The hourly trading system is not complete and I understand that they are leaving. No documentation on how to use the system is available, as far as I can tell. I think that this goes back to Sept 14th. Also at issue is the payment for the actual power once it is called for. Any imbalance charges billed to them should be allocated to me listed on the schedule below. This is the equivalent of a financial swap, but the settlement will remain intact. I would not expect to have to fill this, but if you do, buy in the South and schedule under Ercot Asset. We originally purchased this power from El Paso. I admit seeing a e-mail about the change of administrators, but I didnt realize the website would be incapacitated. We are floating 55 mw's in the South zone. If you replace this power, please remove the appropriate counterparty in the portal and replace with new counterparty. We are currently, as of Friday, experiencing problems with units 2 3. We have been asked by Ercot to reflect in the Resource Plan that unit 1 is available but offline. When the other units become available, please update them as available in the Resource Plan for the remaining hours of Saturday. This is your position, leave in North pool or sell as necessary. Also, could you please make the Ercot lines 1-4 appear on page 1 of all Ercot hourly traders phones? You did this for us in the old building, but those changes didnt transfer. As I mentioned, I will be out of the office visiting Ercot tomorrow. Remember that we are planning on buying hour ending 7 50 mw's. So, we wont actually generate 250's as the schedule indicates. 06 This doesnt look too good for the weekend run. This is what is communicated to Frontera. The mw value at the top of the page indicates what their total generation should be by hour. The Resource Plan shuold be identical to this row. Row 5 mirrors the purchase from Frontera in Enpower. The Mirant call and Enron's call Ercot Asset Book - 100 mw's are listed as well as any daily trades executed on behalf of Frontera. Please familiarize yourself with this report The top line will indicate how much power is available for bal-day sales, etc. Additionally, the Resource Plan needs to accurately reflect to Ercot what the plant is capable of. For example, if we are generating at the maximum of 450 mw's, we need to reflect that the combined maximums on units 1-3 do not exceed this amount. Specifically for tomorrow, please note that we are going from 135 mw hour ending 6 to 250 mw's hour ending 7. A 200 mw schedule would be much more preferrable for this ramp. Change Resource Plan to 200 mw's for hour ending 7 only. Put purchase from in Teco Services book. Make another corresponding sale to Frontera counterparty in the Teco Services book. If you dont make the second entry in Enpower the Teco Services book will be long for hour ending 7. We will sell an additional 85mw's for hour ending 2300 tomorrow. Also, we need to buy 15 mw's for hour ending 7 to assist with Frontera's ramp. We are not running the plant this weekend. The Resource Plan should reflect that we are available but offline. We need to ensure that the minimums and maximums accurately reflect what the plant is capable of. 1 heat rate multiplied by the Houston Ship Channel price. Steve Olinde is notifying Ercot that we are coming down this weekend for economics. We have given them this notice so that they can effectively manage their system.