I place very high confidence in Bill not conducting high risk trades. Just understand that he is at a different level of sophistication that any other non-investment grade counterparty. I understand there was some concern in regards to the Transco Z6 spread option he traded. He was absolutely right about the valuation and we, on the trading desk, knew it as well. There are a couple isolated products that Enron does not do a good job of valuing because of systems limtations. Our spread options are booked in Excel using option pricing models created by the research group. The problem with these models is that they are strictly theoretical and don't take into account gas fundamental price limitations. For instance, it is less probable, though not impossible, for a transport spread from a production area to a market area to go within variable cost than the models predict. Thus it is necessary to apply a correlation skew curve on top of the overlying correlation used. Obviously, we have this function in our pricing models. I was not aware this methodology had not been transferred to the valuation models. Fortunately these incidents tend to be extremely rare as very few non-investment grade companies trade these types of products. Finally, on Friday Bill wanted to do a trade that reduced his exposure to Enron. I gave Mike Maggi the go ahead to do the trade without consulting credit. I do not believe that I acted out of line in approving this trade considering the circumstances. If you believe differently, please advise. It really shows that we might have an angle to put out more of the curve and become the predominant benchmark for the industry rather than the exchange. One problem I had was linking 2 syncopated basis products. However, since Dec Nymex is a syncopated basis to Nov Nymex, I could not set up a syncopated basis link around the Dec Nymex. I'm sorry you were not able to attend last night. I do appreciate your efforts to make this book as successful as it has been. It's not quite the same as being in my company, but take your respective wives, or swap, I don't care, out this weekend on me. Keep up the good work, John What design are you talking about? Do I have pink elephants on all my emails or something? I'm very enthused that I have the skillset to be an advertising critic when I grow up. It's something I've always wanted to do. Commercials John, John, John very impressive analysis! The first two commercials were supposed to be idealistic spots announcing Enron as an innovative company, while the next four are proof points to our innovation by showing the businesses we have created. I know you were elated to get an email from me this morning, thus proving that I had not been kidnapped and all those important things I work on would continue to be completed. Oh and that certainly is a pretty design you add to your emails. Smile, Margaret ps, i hope you can read my sarcasm over email -- if you knew me better, you would understand it completely since it is rare that i'm in a totally serious mood. Commercials I really liked the commercials about specifics i. The metal man was definitely at a different philosophical level than where my brain operates. Still not quite sure what was going on there. The campaign in general was very different than previous. But I guess you know that and that's the point. Again, I think the commercials that showed why we are the most innovative were very impressive. Just telling people we are innovative made less of an impact. At least you weren't molested by the River Oaks car thief. Don't lie or stretch the truth either -- you won't hurt my feelings, I promise. By the way, by the time I arrived home it was completely dark so I went for a three mile run this morning. Not fun, but I'm definitely awake right now! I need names of people who should be allowed. It is not for the whole floor, but rather for people who need to stay at their desk during the day. Please advise, John Enron North America Corp. It's unfortunate Errol and Dutch didn't make it, they are the ones who do all the work for you. Are you going to hook me up on the lunch police? I'm actually trying to go through all my email from the week. As soon as I finish one, another appears in my inbox. I think Yelena put a hit out on me all the way from Chicago for sending those pictures! I had no idea they would open right away--they were supposed to be attachments. And what are you doing at work--I thought you gas guys all left at 3! I'm a little confused as to how many users can be on. The system needs to be able to handle 50 users at one time, each being able to post messages any time. requirement document Fangming, Looks good.