The increase was due primarily to higher realized gathering and processing margins, together with the acquisition of an interest in the Indian Basin processing plant in March 2000. Second quarter gathering and treating volumes averaged 4. During the quarter, Southern Natural Gas received Federal Energy Regulatory Commission approval of its comprehensive rate case settlement filed in March. Higher equity income from projects in Brazil and Argentina largely offset lower equity earnings from the company's investment in the Philippines. Telecom Update We have made substantial progress in the development of our telecommunications business, El Paso Global Networks, said William A. Reflecting our market-centric approach to developing new businesses, we have named Greg G. Jenkins, the current president of El Paso Merchant Energy, to head our telecommunications business. Our expertise in building businesses in rapidly commoditizing markets, as demonstrated by our Merchant Energy success, provides us with a key competitive entry point in the telecommunications marketplace. Quarterly Dividend The Board of Directors declared a quarterly dividend of 0. The company owns North America's largest natural gas pipeline system, both in terms of throughput and miles of pipeline, and has operations in natural gas transmission, merchant energy services, power generation, international project development, gas gathering and processing, and gas and oil production. On May 5, the stockholders of both El Paso Energy and The Coastal Corporation overwhelmingly voted in favor of merging the two organizations. The combined company will have assets of 35 billion and be one of the world's leading integrated energy companies. The merger is expected to close in the fourth quarter of this year, concurrent with the completion of regulatory reviews. Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements This release includes forward-looking statements and projections, made in reliance on the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. The company has made every reasonable effort to ensure that the information and assumptions on which these statements and projections are based are current, reasonable, and complete. However, a variety of factors could cause actual results to differ materially from the projections, anticipated results or other expectations expressed in this release. While the company makes these statements and projections in good faith, neither the company nor its management can guarantee that the anticipated future results will be achieved. Reference should be made to the company's and its affiliates' Securities and Exchange Commission filings for additional important factors that may affect actual results. Adjusted diluted earnings per common share a 0. 37 Merger related costs, asset impairment, and other non-recurring charges. Adjusted diluted earnings per common share represents diluted earnings per share before the impact of certain non-recurring charges. Second quarter 2000 results exclude merger related charges of 46 million pretax, or 31 million aftertax. Second quarter 1999 results exclude merger related charges of 131 million pretax, or 86 million aftertax, a gain on sale of assets of 19 million pretax, or 12 million aftertax, and the resolution of regulatory issues of 30 million pretax, or 20 million aftertax. Year-to-date 2000 results exclude the extraordinary gain on the sale of the East Tennessee and Sea Robin systems of 89 million aftertax and merger related charges of 46 million pretax, or 31 million aftertax.