No one seems to want to be in the office this week. Everyone wants to get this year over with. john I cant' seem to make my gambling problem go away.  With California desperate for power and electricity prices hitting unheard-of peaks, Kaiser shut down its two U. It is selling the electricity it no longer needs -- for about 20 times what it pays Bonneville under long-standing contracts. Some big industrial firms in energy-intensive sectors such as paper, fertilizers, metals and even oil-field operations can make more money by selling their electricity or natural gas than manufacturing their products. The shifts by such large industrial consumers of energy -- described as unprecedented by analysts -- will free up more fuel for households and businesses this winter. But they also are sowing seeds of potential problems next year. Shortages of aluminum and fertilizer, for example, are likely to give another upward jolt to consumer prices and further weaken the economy, analysts said. Some economists have recently increased their warnings about the damaging impact of this winter's heating bills on an already weakening economy. Goldman Sachs analysts last week estimated that gas heating bills will double this winter to more than 1,000 for a typical U. That and higher electricity prices will cost consumers 20 billion in higher energy costs compared with a year ago, they estimated, cutting the expected growth in the nation's economic output by one percentage point on an annual rate in the first three months of next year. in Sioux City, Iowa, has closed three of its six U. Like Kaiser, the company realized it would be much more profitable to stop production in December and sell the natural gas back to the market at current prices, which are much higher than the price Terra was obligated to pay under its existing December supply contract, said Mark Rosenbury, chief administrative officer. " In coming months, Terra's good fortune could be reversed. It usually buys gas a month at a time, and the prices for January delivery most likely will be well above its break-even point. That would keep Terra's plants closed, Rosenbury said, but eliminate the opportunity to sell the natural gas at a profit. " He estimates that out of a total annual U. New York City-based fertilizer manufacturer and distributor, has shut down its one plant in East Dubuque, Ill. The story is the same -- natural gas prices are too high to justify continued production. the company's managing director for financial planning. A continuation of high natural gas prices would likely shrink production and raise fertilizer prices to a point that could affect farmers' decisions to plant feed corn, he said. " According to Wyss, if this winter remains unusually cold and natural gas remains above 7 per million cubic feet -- double the level a year ago -- farm products could rise significantly a year from now and into 2002. In the aluminum industry, several smaller producers have joined Kaiser, the industry's No. 3 percent below that of November 1999, and December's production will be lower still, he said. In Kaiser's case, it's an open question how much of its electric windfall it will keep. Kaiser is contractually entitled to buy electricity from Bonneville at 22. 50 a megawatt per hour, says spokesman Scott Lamb. That is the power it has sold back to Bonneville for 550 a megawatt hour for December.