updates so I can at least get a little broader judgment of your abilities. In terms of my trading style, I take positions to make. Too much noise in this market to trade differently for me. I hope you know I was just fishing for a reaction on the phone before. I assumed we would discuss a potential relationship when I'm in Houston on the 19th. We're still on for drinks after work, right? By then, you should have a comfort level with the quality of my work. I think the analysis I've given you has been quite accurate as to market turns and price behavior. That way I can structure my comments in order to best serve your interests. Let's keep the present system for the short-term. I would like to continue looking at your work for another couple weeks. The price behavior of the past couple days has been disappointing. My short-term market patterns suggested a more robust price rally and natural appears to be waning at present. Volume on this rally is poor, particularly since yesterday was a decent day to the upside. The market appears to be using a lot of its energy but spinning its wheels. If we are at these same price levels in another two weeks, that would be extremely bullish. Recommend a neutral stance short-term on natural. However, this market needs another 1-2 weeks of what I would call horizontal price action to set the stage for a big move to the upside. Let me know if this stuff is useful for you. I certainly don't want to waste your time. In addition, if you prefer I call when I have something to pass along, let me know. I just want to confirm the trades I have in your book. Don Adam Team Lead, Trader Support Do You Yahoo! Photos - 35mm Quality Prints, Now Get 15 Free! Create the capacity and we'll find a way to use it. I am going for an increase to 50 million. I do not want to ask for interest free money if Enron will not use it. Are you available during 9/18-9/20 as I want to go through the information before October. Let's arrange something early next week. Let's keep the present system for the short-term. I would like to continue looking at your work for another couple weeks. The price behavior of the past couple days has been disappointing. My short-term market patterns suggested a more robust price rally and natural appears to be waning at present. Volume on this rally is poor, particularly since yesterday was a decent day to the upside. The market appears to be using a lot of its energy but spinning its wheels. If we are at these same price levels in another two weeks, that would be extremely bullish. Recommend a neutral stance short-term on natural. However, this market needs another 1-2 weeks of what I would call horizontal price action to set the stage for a big move to the upside. Let me know if this stuff is useful for you. I certainly don't want to waste your time. In addition, if you prefer I call when I have something to pass along, let me know. I have asked Mike and Larry to spend half an hour each talking to you about opportunities on the gas floor. Please advise if the following schedule is unacceptable. microphone to houston John- What do you think of getting a direct mic from New York to Houston as soon as possible? You can tun it on or off but it allows us to communicate without getting on the darn phone - I am sure its a total annoyance to pick us up. The steno is still a phone to me and its not recorded. We are getting a few more funds to trade now- some program guys among them who will need quicker execution. I know you and Per have discussed the idea of them calling you direct but I think, for now, the mic is a better answer. I can sit down with you when I am down there to discuss and give you an update of who we are planning to trade with. I think I should give you a little background on small ventures. Bill Perkins and I have a strong personal and professional relationship. Bill actually sat in a bar four years and said the next tradeable market would be bandwidth. He has been successful in the gas business when he has had someone to filter his ideas. As such he provides an informal consulting role to Enron. He throws out ideas and, every once in a while, he comes up with a great one. He pointed out an anomalous pricing occurence in the options market, a market I normally don't follow closely, that I translated into a multimillion dollar trade for Enron. In return, I have agreed to have Enron intermediate his trades within reason. I want to emphasize that continuing this relationship should be considered a high priority.