do you think of getting a direct mic from New York to Houston as soon as possible? You can tun it on or off but it allows us to communicate without getting on the darn phone - I am sure its a total annoyance to pick us up. The steno is still a phone to me and its not recorded. We are getting a few more funds to trade now- some program guys among them who will need quicker execution. I know you and Per have discussed the idea of them calling you direct but I think, for now, the mic is a better answer. I can sit down with you when I am down there to discuss and give you an update of who we are planning to trade with. can I join the trucking fundies group instead? If we do, we would have to pay for their travel expenses. I put a bid in for a condo in a new mid-rise building going up in West U that they accepted. If all goes as expected I'll move in next X-Mas. Got yourself a big Hollywood actor boyfriend yet? John With the daily chaos that ensues on this floor, sometimes communication is sacrificed. Fortunately, we have the message board to facilitate real time sharing of information. I think all of us, including myself, underutilize this tool. I want to encourage everybody to keep the board open on their computers all day long. In addition, I want everybody to post at least one message every day. This can be an interesting trade that just happened, what counterparties are trying to do, new information you uncovered, etc. Information we learn can be very valuable to other desks and it is only fair that if we're taking info from the board, we should be contributing as well. Please read the following problem very carefully, and write in a number at the end. You should be ready to defend your answer. Only a number is allowed, not an algebraic equation. Acquiring a Company In the following exercise you will represent Company A the acquirer , which is currently considering acquiring Company T the target by means of a tender offer. You plan to tender in cash for 100 of Company T's shares but are unsure how high a price to offer. the value of Company T depends directly on the outcome of a major oil exploration project it is currently undertaking. Indeed, the very viability of Company T depends on the exploration outcome. All share values between 0 and 100 are considered equally likely. By all estimates, the company will be worth considerably more in the hands of Company A than under current management. In fact, whatever the ultimate value under current management, the company will be worth fifty percent more under the management of A than under Company T. Similarly, a 100/share value under Company T implies a 150/share value under Company A, and so on. The board of directors of Company A has asked you to determine the price they should offer for Company T's shares. This offer must be made now, before the outcome of the drilling project is known. From all indications, Company T would be happy to be acquired by Company A, provided it is at a profitable price. Moreover, Company T wishes to avoid, at all cost, the potential of a takeover bid by any other firm. You expect Company T to delay a decision on your bid until the results of the project are in, then accept or reject your offer before the news of the drilling results reaches the press. Thus, you Company A will not know the results of the exploration project when submitting your price offer, but Company T will know the results when deciding whether or not to accept your offer. In addition, Company T will accept any offer by Company A that is greater than the per share value of the company under current management. Thus, if you offer 50/share, for instance, Company T will accept if the value of the company to Company T is anything less than 50. What price offer per share would you tender for Company T's stock? Can you email all traders on the floor and make sure the desk heads know. I just realized I'm out of town thursday and friday of next week. com, bid plus 12 for Fed-Ex Saver, or 18 for Fed-Ex overnight shipping. , get a money order for bid plus 25 to Paula Fowler ready to give to fed-ex and e-mail me your shipping address. If you want to use paypal, add 1 to total, they charge me 2. Please include auction and all shipping info. I have assumed Jeff's old responsibilities as head of the natural gas derivatives trading group. They are trying to clean up their books for end of quarter and/or year on Sep 30. They have asked if we can post the 50 million overnight on the 30th. Please advise, John can you have Kathy Gribstald ?