With respect to the Canadian counterparties we are waiting to hear back from Derek before we send them the letter. We need to receive from Mary a list of any additional new Omnibus Counterparties, if any, that have done trades with us since the date of the list that she gave us last week so that we can include them in the mail-out. It is my understanding that Mary will leave Marie Heard a voice mail about this today so that we can make arrangements for the letters to be sent to those counterparties. The plan is to roll out the new Annex A's to everyone beginning on May 1. I will update the Special Handlings List to include those counterparties that have requested special exceptions that we are okay with. I will be at the Enron legal conference the rest of the week but will be checking voice mail. I paid 24 but their yours for 20 if you want them. They are located in Section 324 Row 3 Seats 5-6, Terrace Level. Let Molly know that she has been invited to the May 5th luncheon and we can meet her there. We had our son, Charles Eugene, on July 12th. He weighed in at 8 lbs 8 ounces and was 21 inches long. Thanks for the pictures and give my best to the rest of the family. New baby Diana Maguire Keeler I just wanted to share with you some pictures of our family's recent addition Diana Maguire "Maggie" Keeler, born August 3, 2000 weighing 8 lbs. Thanks to many of you who have sent your good wishes and congratulations! Enclosed is a revised draft of the letter agreement. They want to roll over to next month the net payment that they will owe us for the month of March. They wanted to make it clear that their obligation to deliver barrells to us was only an amount equal to the amount that they own or control, even if that amount is less than the amount shown on the schedule or oin the Purchase Agreement. In other words, they have no obligation to make up the difference. Janice and I have been working on a deal with Fred LaGrasta that involves entering into a Crude Oil Purchase Agreement. They want to delete the arbitration provision or at the very least delete the waiver of the right to recover attorneys fees. They claim that this conflicts with an indemnity clause in the agreement for non-performance which allows for recovery of attorneys fees. They want to delete subsection e of the submission to jurisdiction clause which contains a waiver of the right to claim immunity from suit, execution, attachment or other legal process. They owe us back payments on financial swaps that we have done with them and the purpose of entering into this Purchase Agreement is to be able to offset what they owe us under the swaps with what we owe them for the crude that we purchase. It's a long story as to how we ended up here but suffice it to say that this is our only hope of getting them to recognize the swaps and honor their obligations under the swaps so if there is any way taht we can accommodate their requests to get the deal done, that would be great. Could you please call anyone from the credit group that has not yet responded in the next day or so and let me know when you have heard from the group who is coming? Alos, Rod Nelosnmissed our meeting today so I need for you to reschedule it for Wed. Here is that internal memo that I was referring to. Alos, could you please have Joyce send those resumes to me as we are anxious to talk to the candidates as soon as possible. Thanks for your e-mail and phone mail message. It would be very helpful to us if we could talk to someone at Gardere Wynne although I understand how difficult that may be given your situation. Could you please give it some more thought and if you could come up with someone let me know. In the meantime, I will call your other references. Actually they are okay with our Guaranty. I am waiting to get theirs and will follow up with their counsel today. Just wanted to see where things stood from your end on your Guaranty. We have been asked to consent to an assignment of trades bewteen J Aron and Statoil and would very much like toi finalize the new Master before we give our consent. Please call me when convenient to discuss. With respect to Section 7 - Transfer, we would like to keep the original language. Can we set up a call to discuss this and my other comments which I sent to you? Let me know some times this week that work for you. There may be a few more parties that the letter will need to go out to. Marie will find out tomorrow and will contact you. If you have any questions about any fax nos. or addresses, Mary Gosnell can help you.