I firmly believe taht there are 2 sides to this and taht all 3 of them are guilty of treating the other 2 at time in a not so pleasant way. I have no answers for this issue other than the fact that I am tired of hearing about why they can't get along. I also told Tana taht it was my perception that Susan Bailey has been under alot of pressure given her increased workload and other things and taht that could explain her attitude which even I have noticed has been a little different lately. I'm letting the both of you know about this because I don't want any of this to negatively impact Samantha to the extent that it can be avoided. I have asked the attorney that I am working with on this to call you directly about their proposed tax rep language as well as their deletion of the language in Part 3 regarding the delivery of tax docs. I have enclosed below the language that we currently have in the Schedule which they would not accept and I believe you have their proposed language on the tax reps. I just think that at this point it is easier for the tax folks to talk directly to each other. I am beginning the process of looking for a nanny and was wondering if you may know of someone or know of an agency that you trust. We are looking for someone to commute to our house each day. If you do know of someone, please let me know. Also, on Suzanne's gift, looks like so far it's me and Sheila contributing. I understand that you have copies of what has been sent to and received from Mexican counsel. Could you before you leave tomorrow give me copies of all correspondence as well as copies of the more current questionnaires taht we have been sending out so that I can start following up with them on Monday? Please provide me with the name of the attorney at Aquila Canada and I will call him or her. In the definition of Global Early Termination Date, how does this work with the new Section 16 concept that Alicia has added to the Schedules whereby the termination of Transactions that raise Section 16 problems may be delayed? 06 conflict at all with the proviso in the Limitation of Liability sections of both Schedules? Could you please leave me a quick e-mail message and let me know where things stand on the redraft as my credit people have been asking about it. Could you please leave me a quick e-mail letting me know where things stand with respect to your review of the comments that I faxed to you as my credit people have been asking about it? I thought that your drfat letter of intent looked fine. Alos, in Attachment A, in Section 3 could you sya something to the effect that if tthere is no master in place with Enron and a particular counterparty then Enron needs to be satisfied with the terms of the master that is in place between Mrechant and such counterparty. I thought that the Assignment Agreement was very weak and that we need something more than that. Withg respect to the consent, the concept of the assigned transaction be goverened by our Master needs to be in there. Enclosed is the template that we have used in the Columbia deal. Please e-mail him with your fax number as well as the fax numbers for the people at Ace. My understanding on Utilicorp is that the earliest that the Master would become effective is June 16th. Until we are provided that info, we cannot open them up for power. need to be approved when I am out Monday and Tuesday, talk to Carol St. We would like to have the Master become effective next week so would it be possible to have this signed next week? If you have any questions, please call me or Susan Flynn. I received the documents and Susan Flynn will get them executed along with the Enron Guaranty and the other certificates and get them back to you next week. My question for you is when you consider the agreement to be effective for trading purposes? I'm assuming you want to wait for the Enron Guaranty and that any trades done before the Guaranty is sent to you would not be confirmed under the Master. Please let me know your thoughts on this. Hi Carol, I saw that you posted about getting a nanny. I've used two services, but only one that I can suggest. For my last nanny, I used Morningside Nanny Service, or something close to that. They seemed thorough, and found us a wonderful person. I've also used River Oaks Nanny, but they sent me a nut case.