We typiocally prefer to use our form but I can mark this one up if hat is what you wnat me to do. I just wanted to thank you again for your thoughtfulness, support and hard work in making today such a special event for me and Charles Eugene! As I said at the shower, I'm lucky to have people like you as friends and co-workers and each of you throughout the last year has helped me get through this pregnancy and the events leading up to it, for which I am extremely grateful. I am truly overwhelmed by everyone's generosity and look forward to finally putting all of my gifts to good use in the upcoming weeks. I'm hoping that you can help me with this. One of the gifts that I received on Friday was 2 outfits from Baby Gap. The only people that were at the shower that I couldn't account for based on the gifts that I received with cards and group gift list that I saw were Anne Yaeger, Mark Taylor, Tana Jones and Mary Heinitz. Could you please confirm for me that these people did not participate on the group gift? I will check with Tana on this and yes, she will handle the notifications. Terminations number Carol, It looks like we may have to change the Houston terminations phone number. Can you tell me how many customers will be affected? I will forward a new number once known probably later this week. Will Tana be handling the change notification? If there is some discreet way to check with Mark, Anne, Tana and Mary about this I would really appreciate it. I'm guessing that the gift came from Anne. Again, it was from Baby Gift on University Blvd. and it was 2 one piece outfits - 1 with an Elephant/Turtle/Bear design and 1 with a Monkey design. Shower Gift Carol, None of the attendees you mentioned participated in the group gift. If you need help finding who the gift was from, let me know and I will do some checking. Did either the high chair or the stroller come with an instruction booklet that I could have? If so, just let me know who to contact and I will do so. If not, I suppose I can spend the next few years trying to figure out how they work! Friday, April 21 Friday, May 26th Please advise if there is a problem with taking these days. I'm going to assume that it came from Anne. Shower Gift I believe the gift is either from Anne or Tana. Mark Taylor made a contribution through Sara, that I was not aware of. He should have been on the list of group contributors. Thanks for the info and I will check with Stacy. I am planning to return sometime around January 8th assuming I can find someone. I have thoroughly enjoyed my time at home and hope that the transition back to work goes smoothily. I'm sure it will take me a few weeks to get back into it after being away from it for 6 months. Would 25 be okay with you for Suzanne's gift? Sorry I didn't get back to you earlier about Suzanne, but yes, I am interested in chipping in on that. It's a great idea, and Suzanne should love it! Let me know how much I should contribute. As for your nanny question, I can't help you there. Have you asked Stacy Dickson if she is using an agency, or whether her sister used an agency? They are much more recently in the market for this. I am sure it is not going to be easy to come back. Have you set a date for your return yet? I am beginning the process of looking for a nanny and was wondering if you may know of someone or know of an agency that you trust. We are looking for someone to commute to our house each day. If you do know of someone, please let me know. Also, on Suzanne's gift, looks like so far it's me and Sheila contributing. It was 2 outfits with animal patterns on it. Alos, again I just wanted to say congratulations again on your engagement. I am really happy for you and Trushar and wish you all the best. I will try to see if we can get together for lunch before I leave. I have asked Susan Bailey to send you our current form for this deal. If this doesn't satisfy legal requirements, please send me the latest format as soon as possible. Do you think that we should invite some of the newer credit people to this and if so, who? Some of this will be a repeat of what we did a few weeks ago but at a more basic level. We were thinking that it may be beneficial for Nidia Mendoza and Cathy Tudon. On the last indemnity point, instead of us giving an actual indemnity, I think that it would be better just to exclude from their indemnity such losses. That is what Mark and I have done in the past. I have sent this to my credit person and I will let you know what he thinks.