In the setoff language, they have limited the trigger to the designation of an Early Termination date because of the Termination Event Credit Event Upon Merger. They don't want a cap on the Enron Guaranty 8. In the Termination section where we specify Loss and Second method that have an interesting rider insert 2 that modifies how the Second Method works. I'm still trying to understand what this language does but it appears to qualify any payments on termination that the Non-Defaulting Party would have to make to the Defaulting Party. I will send you a copy of their comments and hopefully we will talk to them about this next week. I left on your chair the commnets to the amendment agreements. Thanks and call me if you have any questions. They have modified the definition of "Indemnifiable Tax" to include taxes imposed as a result of a Change in Tax Law by an authority in the jurisdiction of the payee, unless the payor is located in such jurisdiction. I will send you their mark-up but I need your advice on how to handle these comments. I met with David Dupre to discuss issues relating to unsigned confirms and apparently Williams is one of our biggest offenders. Also, are we planning on talking about this next Friday? Could we get together for lunch sometime soon so you can update me on what has been happening at the office? Let me know which dates work best for you in the next few weeks. My mother in law is coming for a visit next week so can we shoot for sometime the week of November 6th? Growing like a weed and becoming more interactive with us. While I miss the office routine, I am really enjoying my time away from the office. Our confirms desk has informed me that Aquila Risk Management has not been executing confirmations that are sent to them and apparently the reason for this was that they ere waiting for the Utilicorp Master to be put in place. Now that we have completed the Master, is there some way that we can get these confirms executed? I will send you a list of deals shortly, but I'm assuming that given the language that we have in the Master that there should be no problem in signing the existing confirms that reference the existing Aquila Master. As a follow up from last week, are you okay with giving Cinnergy and Duke energy termination rights? I understand from your e-mail to Lisa Mellencamp that Zachary May is out of the office. I am helping Lisa out on this matter as an attorney in our financial derivatives group. In addition to the pleadings, we are also preparing amendments to both the physical and financial agreements taht currently exist between the companies. Last week, I sent to Zachary May a draft of an amendment to the financial master between Enron North America Corp. Stacy Dickson will be sending you a revised draft of that document that adds to it the amendments that we need to make to the physical agreements between the companies which consist of 4 separate agreements. These amendments need to be attached to the court pleadings and approved by the court. If you have any questions, please call me at 713-853-3989. David Dupre and I have not done all that much to date. He is in the process of compiling information for all counterparties online and offline who are not signing confirms. I have asked him to group these counterparties according to total outstanding exposure so that we can priortize our efforts. Possible alternative approaches that we can suggest to counterparties. For example, in some cases, a counterparty is sending us a letter attaching a list of the deals that they have done with us and stating that they agree with the terms of such deals. Whether our concerns are greater or lesser when we do trades online. I'm available anytime to talk about the above. This morning I filled at an online registration form for Camp Enron for my son Arthur for the June 26-30 and July 10-14 sessions. I wish to confirm your receipt of my application. I also wanted to know who I should send the release form to. My phone number is 713-853-3989 and my e-mail address is Carol. Their attorney informed me today that it was his understanding that all new trades should be confirmed with Deutsche Bank. The date of the first trade that we have confirmed with Deutsche. A copy of the Deutsche confirm that we are being sent. Alicia and I will get back to you with a mark-up with our thoughts on this since some of the langugae appears to be different from what is in the Revolver. Alicia thought that maybe this langugae came from Condor.