For this reason the amendment should read. or its Credit Support Provider shall fail to have a rating from either S P or Moody's. Please confirm that this is your understanding and sorry for the confusion. David Runnells has come up with a lawyer from A K to help us out. have worked with him and Shonnie left me a voice mail telling me that he was very good. Allegheny energy - Patricia Clark sent to Frank Davis her comments on June 15th by e-mail. I responded on June 19th and have never heard back from her. Most of her comments we could not accept. None of her comments have been run by Dave. Imperial Oil - Grant Oh was handling this. I spoke with Grant about this around June 6th and have never heard back from him. None of their proposed changes have been run by Dave. Kennecott Coal Sales Company - A draft amendment letter which Dave F. has approved was sent to them on May 15th. My contact there is Jim Sobule Wayne Gresham is alos involved in this. Arco - We received by e-mail comments from David Dyck at Arco in March. Tori Kuykendall and Grant Oh are involved from the Enron side. I responded to David Dyck by e-mail on March 10th and have never heard anything further on this. None of their comments or my response has been reviewed by Dave. Chevron - Canada - I received a letter from Bruce Borwick on January 31st which I responded to and have never heard anything further from them. Dave has not reviewed their comments or my response. I sent to Mike Pederson a form of amendment letter which I don't think has been signed. They wanted a minor change to the confidentiality language. Dave has not seen this but in the event that Cargill comes back to life, i doubt that he will have a problem with it. Cinergy - I sent a draft amendment letter which dave approved to John Dirheimer on May 15th. Duke Energy - I sent a draft amendment letter to John Puett on May 15th which Dave approved. To my knowledge, it has not been signed. We are close to reaching agreement with them and mark has been involved in some of the early discussions. I am sending to Dave a mark-up of the revised agreement for his approval. I'm just copying you on these types of memos in case for some reason people come to you with questions. Status of Online Amendments Do I need to follow up with her or what? Allegheny energy - Patricia Clark sent to Frank Davis her comments on June 15th by e-mail. I responded on June 19th and have never heard back from her. Most of her comments we could not accept. None of her comments have been run by Dave. Imperial Oil - Grant Oh was handling this. I spoke with Grant about this around June 6th and have never heard back from him. None of their proposed changes have been run by Dave. Kennecott Coal Sales Company - A draft amendment letter which Dave F. has approved was sent to them on May 15th. My contact there is Jim Sobule Wayne Gresham is alos involved in this. Arco - We received by e-mail comments from David Dyck at Arco in March. Tori Kuykendall and Grant Oh are involved from the Enron side. I responded to David Dyck by e-mail on March 10th and have never heard anything further on this. None of their comments or my response has been reviewed by Dave. I received a letter from Bruce Borwick on January 31st which I responded to and have never heard anything further from them. Dave has not reviewed their comments or my response. Here is my first cut at a proposed form of amendment. I have added a rep and an additional Event of Default to cover the 'Lien" issue in light of the fact that Barrett's Credit Agreement restricts them from entering into any agreement that contains a negative pledge. I winged the amendment to the Confirmations since I have not seen them yet.